3	1	predictive models	predictive models are involved with predicting a value based on other values in the dataset. the process of training a predictive model is known as supervised learning.	predict a value based on other values in the dataset. process of training a pred model is supervised learning.
3	1	predictive models	predict a value based on other values in the dataset. process of training a pred model is supervised learning.	involved with predicting a value based on other values in the dataset; process of training this type of model is known as supervised learning
3	1	predictive models	predicting one value (the target variable) using other values	predictive models are involved with predicting a value based on other values in the dataset.
2	1	predictive models	predictive models are involved with predicting a value based on other values in the dataset. the process of training a predictive model is known as supervised learning.	predict value based on other values in data set supervised learning - uses inductive learning hypothesis
1	0	predictive models	predict a value based on other values in the dataset. process of training a pred model is supervised learning.	predict value based on other values in data set supervised learning - uses inductive learning hypothesis
0	0	predictive models	used to define an approximation of the actions that users will execute before involving the users themselves in real tests ex. mhp, klm, goms	use mathematical formulas to derive measures of user performance e.g. fitts' law
3	1	predictive models	predictive models are involved with predicting a value based on other values in the dataset. the process of training a predictive model is known as supervised learning.	involved with predicting a value based on other values in the dataset; process of training this type of model is known as supervised learning
3	1	class hierarchy	the organization of classes in a hierarchical tree in which each parent is a superclass and each child class is a subclass	the organization of classes in a hierarchical tree in which each parent class is a superclass and each child class is a subclass. see also inheritance.
2	1	class hierarchy	the organization of classes in a hierarchical tree where each parent is a super class and each child is a sub class.	the relationship among classes created by inheritance in which the child of one parent can itself be the parent of other classes.
1	0	linear program	constraint x is defined by linear equations and inequalities.  solves quickly	an mathematical programming model where the objective function is a linear function of the variables, and the constraints are linear equations and/or linear inequalities in terms of the variables.
2	1	linear program	mathematical program with a linear objective function and linear constraints	an mathematical programming model where the objective function is a linear function of the variables, and the constraints are linear equations and/or linear inequalities in terms of the variables.
2	1	linear program	a mathematical model with a linear objective function, a set of linear constraints, and nonnegative variables.	an mathematical programming model where the objective function is a linear function of the variables, and the constraints are linear equations and/or linear inequalities in terms of the variables.
3	1	linear program	a mathematical model with a linear objective function, a set of linear constraints, and nonnegative variables.	mathematical program with a linear objective function and linear constraints
1	0	linear program	constraint x is defined by linear equations and inequalities.  solves quickly	mathematical program with a linear objective function and linear constraints
0	0	linear program	it is a method for solving systems of linear inequalities almost always involving what we call an &"objective function&"	developed for mathematically solving certain kinds of resource allocation problems has decision variables, objective function, constraints, and nonnegativity constraints
0	0	linear program	constraint x is defined by linear equations and inequalities.  solves quickly	a mathematical model with a linear objective function, a set of linear constraints, and nonnegative variables.
3	1	electronic commerce	conducting businesses activities (e.g., distribution, buying, selling, marketing, and servicing of products or services) electronically over computer networks. any business transactions over the network. (b2b, b2c, c2c).	conducting business activities electronically over computer networks (i.e.. b2c, c2c, b2b)
3	1	electronic commerce	the process of buying, sellling, or exchanging products, services, or information via computer	(ec or e-commerce) describes the process of buying, selling, transferring, or exchanging products, services, or information via computer networks, including the internet.
3	1	electronic commerce	conducting businesses activities (e.g., distribution, buying, selling, marketing, and servicing of products or services) electronically over computer networks. any business transactions over the network. (b2b, b2c, c2c).	conducting business activities (e.g., distributing, buying, selling, marketing, and servicing of products and services) electronically over computer networks such as the internet, extranets, and corporate networks
1	0	electronic commerce	the sale and lease of goods, the sale of services, and the licensing software over the internet	the sale of goods and services or the licensing of intellectual property by computer over the internet.
2	1	electronic commerce	-shopping on the web  -businesses trading with other businesses -internal company processes -all business activities using internet technologies  -dot-com	shopping on the internet, business trading with other businesses and internal processes that companies use to support their buying, selling, hiring, planning and other activities
3	1	electronic commerce	buying and selling goods electronically	the process of buying, sellling, or exchanging products, services, or information via computer
3	1	electronic commerce	process of buying, selling, transferring, serving or exchanging products or services via computer.	the process of buying, sellling, or exchanging products, services, or information via computer
3	1	electronic commerce	buying and selling goods electronically	(ec or e-commerce) describes the process of buying, selling, transferring, or exchanging products, services, or information via computer networks, including the internet.
3	1	electronic commerce	o also known as e-commerce o buying and selling over the internet	buying and selling of goods over the internet. (see also e-commerce)
0	0	feature vector	weighted list of words which defines a concept that describes unstructured information	the collection of attributes being used in a model, the list of independent variables
1	0	feature vector	the list of feature values representing an example passed into a model.	a row of a matrix, for example, all the reviews of a single critic
0	0	key ideas	main or important ideas in text  example: the key ideas of the paragraph tells me the most important information in the paragraph.	you want to have 2 or 3 main ideas that you will support in your body paragraphs
0	0	social welfare	system of laws, programs, benefits, and services which strengthen provisions for meeting social needs	developed into two different categories social welfare defined as economic transfers outside the market system. social welfare defined as benefits and services to help people meet basic needs.
1	0	social welfare	system of laws, programs, benefits, and services which strengthen provisions for meeting social needs	economic transfers outside the market system or benefits/services to help people meet basic needs
1	0	social welfare	system of laws, programs, benefits, and services which strengthen provisions for meeting social needs	organized system of social services and institutions, designed to aid individuals and groups to attain satisfying standards of life and health
0	0	social welfare	practical or financial help that is provided, often by the government, for people or animals that need it	is a system/ institution that social workers use to do there work to help people get their basic needs met
1	0	social welfare	practical or financial help that is provided, often by the government, for people or animals that need it	developed into two different categories social welfare defined as economic transfers outside the market system. social welfare defined as benefits and services to help people meet basic needs.
0	0	social welfare	provides for those who cannot cope by themselves, creates social change and the modification of social institutions, and strengthens society	institution in society which manages dependency through provision of opportunity.
0	0	social welfare	seeks to enhance the social functioning of all age groups	the institutional response to human needs
2	1	social welfare	practical or financial help that is provided, often by the government, for people or animals that need it	system of laws, programs, benefits, and services which strengthen provisions for meeting social needs
1	0	social welfare	the array of governmental programs, services, and institutions designed to maintain the stability and well-being of society	economic transfers outside the market system or benefits/services to help people meet basic needs
1	0	social welfare	a nation's system of programs, benefits, and services that help people meet these social, economic, educational, and health needs that are fundamental to the maintenance of society.	programs intended to assist vulnerable populations
1	0	social welfare	organized system of social services and institutions, designed to aid individuals and groups to attain satisfying standards of life and health	is a system/ institution that social workers use to do there work to help people get their basic needs met
1	0	social welfare	the array of governmental programs, services, and institutions designed to maintain the stability and well-being of society	is a system/ institution that social workers use to do there work to help people get their basic needs met
1	0	social welfare	developed into two different categories social welfare defined as economic transfers outside the market system. social welfare defined as benefits and services to help people meet basic needs.	economic transfers outside the market system or benefits/services to help people meet basic needs
0	0	social welfare	developed into two different categories social welfare defined as economic transfers outside the market system. social welfare defined as benefits and services to help people meet basic needs.	is a system/ institution that social workers use to do there work to help people get their basic needs met
1	0	software requirements	are the description of features and functionalities of the target system (the what).	field within software engineering that deals with establishing the needs of stakeholders that are to be solved by software.
0	0	software requirements	the process of establishing the services that the customer requires from a system and the constraints under which it operates and is developed	functionality that a system must provide for its users
1	0	software requirements	functionality that a system must provide for its users	a condition or capability needed by a user to solve a problem or achieve an objective and that must be met or possessed by a system or system component
2	1	software requirements	the process of establishing the services that the customer requires from a system and the constraints under which it operates and is developed	a condition or capability needed by a user to solve a problem or achieve an objective and that must be met or possessed by a system or system component
0	0	association rules	specify patterns found in the relationship among items or item sets; introduced in 1993; research area of sergey brin (google cofounder) while at stanford; input is set of items x	the result of market basket analysis that specifies patterns found in the relationship among items or itemsets
2	1	association rules	are created by analyzing data for frequent if/then statement patterns and using the criteria support and confidence to identify the most important relationships.	search all transactions from a system for patterns of occurrence -also called affinity grouping
1	0	association rules	determine which behaviors/outcomes go together and find relationships in data that frequently occur together	-unsupervised learning method -useful for finding groups of items that typically occur together -output is a collection of rules and is easy to understand
1	0	association rules	produce rules on associations between items from a database of transactions  widely used in recommender systems	-unsupervised learning method -useful for finding groups of items that typically occur together -output is a collection of rules and is easy to understand
2	1	association rules	goal: produce rules that define &"what goes with what&" rows are transactions used in recommender systems also called &"affinity analysis&"	produce rules on associations between items from a database of transactions  widely used in recommender systems
0	0	association rules	apply to an entire population, patterns between items in large databases	search all transactions from a system for patterns of occurrence -also called affinity grouping
1	0	association rules	a ⟾ b where b is 1 item 2^ |i| possible subsets of items i there are 3 ^ |i| - 2 ^ |i| + 1 possible assoc rules	• association rule r : itemset1 =&gt; itemset2 • itemset1, itemset2 are disjoint and • itemset2 is non-empty • simplified definition: itemset2 has only one item
2	1	association rules	the result of market basket analysis that specifies patterns found in the relationship among items or itemsets	goal: discover a set of regularities or rules between occurrences of items in the dataset.
2	1	association rules	goal: produce rules that define &"what goes with what&" rows are transactions used in recommender systems also called &"affinity analysis&"	determine which behaviors/outcomes go together and find relationships in data that frequently occur together
1	0	association rules	using if/then statements to discover relations	attempt to develop if/then statements that express conditional relationships between seemingly unrelated variables and data
1	0	association rules	are created by analyzing data for frequent if/then statement patterns and using the criteria support and confidence to identify the most important relationships.	apply to an entire population, patterns between items in large databases
1	0	association rules	approach that builds rules that describe the co-occurence of events in data.	produce rules on associations between items from a database of transactions  widely used in recommender systems
0	0	association rules	goal: produce rules that define &"what goes with what&" rows are transactions used in recommender systems also called &"affinity analysis&"	-unsupervised learning method -useful for finding groups of items that typically occur together -output is a collection of rules and is easy to understand
1	0	association rules	determine which behaviors/outcomes go together and find relationships in data that frequently occur together	produce rules on associations between items from a database of transactions  widely used in recommender systems
1	0	association rules	unsupervised, affinity analysis, market basket analysis  identify item clusters in transaction-type databases  1. rule generation 2. assessing rule strength	search all transactions from a system for patterns of occurrence -also called affinity grouping
0	0	association rules	are created by analyzing data for frequent if/then statement patterns and using the criteria support and confidence to identify the most important relationships.	unsupervised, affinity analysis, market basket analysis  identify item clusters in transaction-type databases  1. rule generation 2. assessing rule strength
0	0	association rules	apply to an entire population, patterns between items in large databases	unsupervised, affinity analysis, market basket analysis  identify item clusters in transaction-type databases  1. rule generation 2. assessing rule strength
1	0	association rules	descriptive; discovers links or associations amongst data— based on confidence (can be different) and support (same)	descriptive - discovers links or associations amongst data
1	0	association rules	ppl buy certain items together x amount of times	a study of 'what goes with what' you may also like,, customers who bought x also bought y  affinity or market basked analysis  used on customer transactions
1	0	association rules	look at rules that strongly associate different attribute values, predict value of arbitrary attribute	= unsupervised - there is no class attributes - rules can predict any attribute, or combination of attributes
1	0	association rules	descriptive; discovers links or associations amongst data— based on confidence (can be different) and support (same)	what do customers buy together (descriptive)
2	1	association rules	specify patterns found in the relationship among items or item sets; introduced in 1993; research area of sergey brin (google cofounder) while at stanford; input is set of items x	specify patterns found in the relationship among items or itemsets. the goal is to discover a set of regularities or rules between occurrences of items in the dataset.
3	1	association rules	approach that builds rules that describe the co-occurence of events in data.	determine which behaviors/outcomes go together and find relationships in data that frequently occur together
1	0	association rules	approach that builds rules that describe the co-occurence of events in data.	goal: produce rules that define &"what goes with what&" rows are transactions used in recommender systems also called &"affinity analysis&"
1	0	design constraints	a design decision such as choice of platform	statements that constrain the ways in which the software can be designed and implemented.
3	1	microsoft sql server	hosts databases accessible from web servers and many applications  port 1433	sql server hosts databases that web servers and applications use  port 1433
3	1	microsoft sql server	hosts databases accessible from web servers and many applications  port 1433	server application that hosts database accessible from web servers and  other wide array of applications.  sql server uses port 1433 by default.
3	1	microsoft sql server	server application that hosts database accessible from web servers and  other wide array of applications.  sql server uses port 1433 by default.	sql server hosts databases that web servers and applications use  port 1433
2	1	microsoft sql server	&"a family of microsoft relational database management and analysis systems for e-commerce, line-of-business, and data warehousing solutions.&"	port 1433, a relational database management system developed by microsoft.
0	0	fault tolerance	data backup, disaster recovery, and data replication services to make sure your data is always safe.  also, if one component fails, a backup component takes its place	if one of the nodes in the distributed database fails, it will keep operating as normal
0	0	fault tolerance	provides a correct service up to some process failures  a service is correct if: - it responds despite failures - the client can't tell when/if it crashes	a general concept that a system has the ability to respond to unexpected failures or systems immediately and automatically takes over with no loss of service
3	1	fault tolerance	a computer system designed so that in the event a component fails, a backup component or procedure can immediately take its place with no loss of service.	a general concept that a system has the ability to respond to unexpected failures or systems immediately and automatically takes over with no loss of service
2	1	fault tolerance	the need for continuous operation makes it necessary to provide redundancy in system operations  network reduncancy	the design on the networks that can continue to operate without interruption in the case of hardware, software, or communications failures.
2	1	fault tolerance	the ability for a system to respond to unexpected failures or system crashes as the backup system immediately and automatically takes over with no loss of service	provides a correct service up to some process failures  a service is correct if: - it responds despite failures - the client can't tell when/if it crashes
1	0	fault tolerance	- must be fault tolerant in critical situations - required when high availability requirements or system failure costs are high	assume that a system can be released with faults and that system failures can be dealt with by recovering from them at runtime
2	1	fault tolerance	a property of computer design that enables a system to continue functioning in the event of a partial failure	system's ability to continue functioning when an equipment failure occurs
1	0	fault tolerance	a measure of how well a system deals with failures, measured by fault isolation and fault masking  - mixture of hardware redundancy and software recovery	describes software, hardware, and operating procedure characteristics that ensure minimal data loss due to faults and minimal resource/service unavailability due to faults
2	1	fault tolerance	provides a correct service up to some process failures  a service is correct if: - it responds despite failures - the client can't tell when/if it crashes	a computer system designed so that in the event a component fails, a backup component or procedure can immediately take its place with no loss of service.
2	1	fault tolerance	- must be fault tolerant in critical situations - required when high availability requirements or system failure costs are high	the capability of the software product to maintain a specified level of performance in cases of software faults ( defects ), or of infringement of its specified interface.
2	1	fault tolerance	is the property that enables a system to continue operating properly in the event of the failure of some (one or more faults within) of its components	system's ability to continue functioning when an equipment failure occurs
1	0	fault tolerance	the need for continuous operation makes it necessary to provide redundancy in system operations  network reduncancy	the capability of a system to continue performing when there is a hardware failure; so if one of the cables breaks, all of the other computers can still communicate.
2	1	fault tolerance	the capability of a system to suffer a fault, but continue to operate.	stays up even if parts fail more strict than high availability
2	1	fault tolerance	-is the ability of a system to remain in operation even if some of the components used to build the system fail.	the ability of a system to respond to unexpected failures. consists of availability (immediate) and durability (long term).
2	1	fault tolerance	the ability for a system to respond to unexpected failures or system crashes as the backup system immediately and automatically takes over with no loss of service mission critical operations	a general concept that a system has the ability to respond to unexpected failures or systems immediately and automatically takes over with no loss of service
3	1	fault tolerance	a property of computer design that enables a system to continue functioning in the event of a partial failure	enables a system to continue to operate if one or more components fail
2	1	fault tolerance	the capability of a system to continue performing when there is a hardware failure.	techniques that employ hardware and software to provide assurance against equipment failures, computer service interruptions, and data loss.
2	1	fault tolerance	assume that a system can be released with faults and that system failures can be dealt with by recovering from them at runtime	the capability of a system to continue normal operation despite the presence of (hardware or software) faults. fault tolerance may be stated as a quality requirement.
0	0	fault tolerance	- capacity for system to continue performing despite unexpected hardware, software malfunction - prevent faults from progressing to failures	techniques that employ hardware and software to provide assurance against equipment failures, computer service interruptions, and data loss.
2	1	fault tolerance	the ability  of a system or component  to continue its normal operation despite  the presence of  hardware or software faults.	enables a system to continue functioning even in the presence of faults
3	1	fault tolerance	the ability for a system to respond to unexpected failures or system crashes as the backup system immediately and automatically takes over with no loss of service mission critical operations	a computer system designed so that in the event a component fails, a backup component or procedure can immediately take its place with no loss of service.
2	1	fault tolerance	enables a system to continue to operate if one or more components fail	system's ability to continue functioning when an equipment failure occurs
0	0	fault tolerance	the capability of a computer or a network system to respond to a condition automatically, often resolving it, which reduces the impact on the system	the capability of a component, system, or network to endure a failure.
2	1	fault tolerance	-is the ability of a system to remain in operation even if some of the components used to build the system fail.	distributed systems must maintain availability even at low levels of hardware/software/network reliability through recovery and redundancy.
2	1	fault tolerance	the ability for a system to respond to unexpected failures or system crashes as the backup system immediately and automatically takes over with no loss of service	a computer system designed so that in the event a component fails, a backup component or procedure can immediately take its place with no loss of service.
3	1	fault tolerance	a property of computer design that enables a system to continue functioning in the event of a partial failure	is the property that enables a system to continue operating properly in the event of the failure of some (one or more faults within) of its components
2	1	fault tolerance	the capability of the software product to maintain a specified level of performance in cases of software faults ( defects ), or of infringement of its specified interface.	the capability of a system to continue normal operation despite the presence of (hardware or software) faults. fault tolerance may be stated as a quality requirement.
1	0	fault tolerance	the ability of a network or system to withstand a foreseeable component failure and still continue to provide an acceptable level of service.	the ability of a system to respond to unexpected failures. consists of availability (immediate) and durability (long term).
0	0	fault tolerance	- must be fault tolerant in critical situations - required when high availability requirements or system failure costs are high	the capability of a system to continue normal operation despite the presence of (hardware or software) faults. fault tolerance may be stated as a quality requirement.
3	1	fault tolerance	the ability  of a system or component  to continue its normal operation despite  the presence of  hardware or software faults.	the ability of a system to continue functioning even in the event of one or more component failures
2	1	fault tolerance	the capability of a system to suffer a fault; but continue to operate. the system can tolerate the fault as if it never occurred.	ability of system to maintain its operations in event of failure.  ex. power going out, generator coming in.
1	0	fault tolerance	if one cable breaks, all other connections can still communicate	the capability of a system to continue performing when there is a hardware failure; so if one of the cables breaks, all of the other computers can still communicate.
3	1	fault tolerance	systems that are capable of continuing operation even if a component fails	enables a system to continue functioning even in the presence of faults
2	1	fault tolerance	is the property that enables a system to continue operating properly in the event of the failure of some (one or more faults within) of its components	enables a system to continue to operate if one or more components fail
2	1	fault tolerance	the design on the networks that can continue to operate without interruption in the case of hardware, software, or communications failures.	if one cable breaks, all other connections can still communicate
2	1	fault tolerance	-is the ability of a system to remain in operation even if some of the components used to build the system fail.	ability to withstand a certain amount of failure and still remain functional
2	1	fault tolerance	the capacity for a system to continue performing despite an unexpected hardware or software malfunction	techniques that employ hardware and software to provide assurance against equipment failures, computer service interruptions, and data loss.
1	0	fault tolerance	the ability of a network or system to withstand a foreseeable component failure and still continue to provide an acceptable level of service.	distributed systems must maintain availability even at low levels of hardware/software/network reliability through recovery and redundancy.
3	1	fault tolerance	-is the ability of a system to remain in operation even if some of the components used to build the system fail.	the ability of a network or system to withstand a foreseeable component failure and still continue to provide an acceptable level of service.
3	1	fault tolerance	ability to withstand a certain amount of failure and still remain functional	the ability of a network or system to withstand a foreseeable component failure and still continue to provide an acceptable level of service.
3	1	fault tolerance	the ability for a system to respond to unexpected failures or system crashes as the backup system immediately and automatically takes over with no loss of service	a general concept that a system has the ability to respond to unexpected failures or systems immediately and automatically takes over with no loss of service
2	1	fault tolerance	the ability of a system to continue functioning even in the event of one or more component failures	systems that are capable of continuing operation even if a component fails
0	0	fault tolerance	assume that a system can be released with faults and that system failures can be dealt with by recovering from them at runtime	the capability of the software product to maintain a specified level of performance in cases of software faults ( defects ), or of infringement of its specified interface.
0	0	human-computer interaction	the study, planning and design of what happens when a computer and human work together.	investigates how people perceive and think about computer-based technologies, what human constraints affect human-machine interaction, and what factors improve usability of computer systems
1	0	human-computer interaction	-human factors principles in the understanding, design, and evaluation of human-computer systems.   -focus= interface	the study, planning and design of what happens when a computer and human work together.
1	0	human-computer interaction	the study of how people design, implement, and use it systems, and how it systems affect individuals, organizations, and society	describes the relationship between computers and people who use them to perform their jobs
1	0	human-computer interaction	is a cross-disciplinary area that deals with the theory, design, implementation, and evaluation of ways human use and interact with computing devices.	-human factors principles in the understanding, design, and evaluation of human-computer systems.   -focus= interface
2	1	human-computer interaction	is a cross-disciplinary area that deals with the theory, design, implementation, and evaluation of ways human use and interact with computing devices.	the study, planning and design of what happens when a computer and human work together.
0	0	human-computer interaction	-human factors principles in the understanding, design, and evaluation of human-computer systems.   -focus= interface	investigates how people perceive and think about computer-based technologies, what human constraints affect human-machine interaction, and what factors improve usability of computer systems
1	0	security policies	collection of standards, policies, and procedures created to guarantee security. ensures auditing and compliance	sets out general info access strategies that should apply across the organization
0	0	security policies	acceptable use policy privacy policy security-related human resource policy password management and complexity policy disposal and destruction policy classification of information policy ethics policy	collection of several documents
1	0	security policies	policies with requirements that evidently make their creation	acceptable use policy privacy policy security-related human resource policy password management and complexity policy disposal and destruction policy classification of information policy ethics policy
0	0	security policies	rules that the information system enforces relative to the resources under its control to reflect the organizational security policy.	policies with requirements that evidently make their creation
1	0	security policies	rules that the information system enforces relative to the resources under its control to reflect the organizational security policy.	acceptable use policy privacy policy security-related human resource policy password management and complexity policy disposal and destruction policy classification of information policy ethics policy
3	1	case-based reasoning	system searches for stored cases with problem characteristics similar to the new one, finds closest fit, and applies solutions of old case to new case	a method whereby new problems are solved based on the solutions from similar cases solved in the past
0	0	case-based reasoning	represents knowledge as a database as past cases and their solutions. the system uses a six-step process to generate solutions to new problems encountered by the user	knowledge and past experiences of human specialists are represented as cases and stored in a database for later retrieval; medical and customer support systems
2	1	case-based reasoning	method of solving problems based on similar problems	methodology of solving a new problem established on the solutions of similar problems -applied in case-based ess -esp useful in medical decision making
3	1	case-based reasoning	system searches for stored cases with problem characteristics similar to the new one, finds closest fit, and applies solutions of old case to new case	system searches through stored cases for problem with similar characteristics and applies solutions of old case to new one
3	1	case-based reasoning	method of solving problems based on similar problems	methodology of solving a new problem established on the solutions of similar problems
0	0	data loss	when data becomes lost, unavailable or destroyed	threats that occur due to the loss of relevant encryption keys
1	0	data loss	an error condition in information systems in which information is destroyed by failures or neglect in storage, transmission, or processing.	occurs when info on a storage device is damaged or made unusable.
0	0	data loss	a type of attack in which the intruder deletes or encrypts the data, which if not paid results in the data being deleted.	the unauthorized use and or transmission of confidential information. typically refers to information leaving the control of the owning organization, for example on portable devices/media or via email.
0	0	data loss	a type of attack in which the intruder deletes or encrypts the data, which if not paid results in the data being deleted.	some apps (e.g., audio) can tolerate some loss • other apps (e.g., file transfer, telnet) require 100% reliable data transfer
1	0	data loss	circumstances that cause loss of stored data arise less frequently for disk secondary storage than for primary storage	occurs when info on a storage device is damaged or made unusable.
0	0	data loss	an error condition in information systems in which information is destroyed by failures or neglect in storage, transmission, or processing.	circumstances that cause loss of stored data arise less frequently for disk secondary storage than for primary storage
1	0	access control policy	organizational policy definition that defines how authorized users gain access to resources based on their role, job functions, and duties.	a set of rules established by an organization that specify how users can access resources on the system;
2	1	access control policy	defines the implementation of the files concerning who or what can gain access to a system or network	a set of rules established by an organization that specify how users can access resources on the system;
0	0	convex hull	the smallest intersection of linear inequalities that contain a certain set of points	a spatial representation of the vector space between two vectors
1	0	convex hull	the smallest intersection of linear inequalities that contain a certain set of points	the smallest convex set that contains x in the euclidean plane or euclidean space.
1	0	convex hull	is the minimum convex polygon which contains the blob	the smallest intersection of linear inequalities that contain a certain set of points
1	0	convex hull	is the minimum convex polygon which contains the blob	a spatial representation of the vector space between two vectors
1	0	web service	method of communication that allows two systems to exchange data over the internet	a software solution designed to enable interaction between two devices over a network is generally referred to as:
1	0	web service	the actual api implementation being called or the interface of the api implementation; a method of communication that allows two software systems to exchange data over the internet	open-standards way of supporting interoperability; application programming interfaces (api) that can be accessed over a network and executed on a remote system hosting the requested services
2	1	web service	any piece of software that makes itself available over the internet, using a standardized messaging system.  allows for communication between disparate systems	a software solution designed to enable interaction between two devices over a network is generally referred to as:
1	0	web service	a component that exists on a web server which can be called from a client application (extension .asmx).   can be accessed thru the internet or network connection	a software service accessed over the internet using web protocols
1	0	web service	a software service accessed over the internet using web protocols	the actual api implementation being called or the interface of the api implementation; a method of communication that allows two software systems to exchange data over the internet
0	0	web service	software function or related set of functions that can be executed via web standards	is a collection of software components that perform a certain purpose or function, and that can be used by other programs over the web
3	1	web service	a loosely coupled reusable software component that encapsulates discrete functionality which may be distributed and programatically accessed	an instance of a service: a loosely coupled, reusable software component that encapsulates discrete functionality, which may be distributed and programmatically accessed over the web.
2	1	web service	a software service accessed over the internet using web protocols	open-standards way of supporting interoperability; application programming interfaces (api) that can be accessed over a network and executed on a remote system hosting the requested services
1	0	web service	a method of communication between 2 electronic devices over a network	is a service offered by an electronic device to another electronic device, communicating with each other via the world wide web
0	0	web service	a component that exists on a web server which can be called from a client application (extension .asmx).   can be accessed thru the internet or network connection	open-standards way of supporting interoperability; application programming interfaces (api) that can be accessed over a network and executed on a remote system hosting the requested services
0	0	dynamic content	content that changes often	nonstatic information constructed in response to a web client's request
0	0	dynamic content	content that changes often	content-based generated based  on program parameters, http request and responses and database queries
1	0	dynamic content	content-based generated based  on program parameters, http request and responses and database queries	nonstatic information constructed in response to a web client's request
1	0	dynamic content	content that is generated and code is created for response.	nonstatic information constructed in response to a web client's request
0	0	dynamic content	content-based generated based  on program parameters, http request and responses and database queries	content that is generated and code is created for response.
1	0	dynamic content	content that changes often	content that is generated and code is created for response.
2	1	use cases	written descriptions of user's interaction with the software product to accomplish a goal	set of scenarios that describes an interaction between a user and a system
0	0	use cases	-used to explain and document the interaction between the users and the system  -used as a means of user requirements	structured, well-documented and verbose descriptions of what a system should do used for testing. they are not the same as user stories
1	0	use cases	are the mechanism for capturing the desired behavior for the system that is under development, but they do not specify how the behavior is to be implemented.	a standard form of expressing requirements as a scenario-based task that the system must automate
1	0	use cases	a standard form of expressing requirements as a scenario-based task that the system must automate	a more traditional mechanism for articulating a specific customer goal for system use and the interaction sequence(s) needed to achieve the goal; associated with software engineering
0	0	use cases	are the mechanism for capturing the desired behavior for the system that is under development, but they do not specify how the behavior is to be implemented.	• used for functional requirements analysis and specification  • a step-by-step description of how a user will use the system-to-be to accomplish business goals
2	1	use cases	set of scenarios that describes an interaction between a user and a system	a set of use cases that illustrate the basic processes that the system needs to support
1	0	use cases	define the interactions between the &"actor&" and the system. use case document + use case (uml) diagram of user interactions w. system	things actors do with the system
0	0	use cases	the primary driver for all uml diagramming techniques. depicts major activities performed by actors. describe basic high-level functions of a system. building blocks for continued design activities.	assume an interaction with a system as well as detailed understanding of the interaction.
1	0	use cases	are the mechanism for capturing the desired behavior for the system that is under development, but they do not specify how the behavior is to be implemented.	a more traditional mechanism for articulating a specific customer goal for system use and the interaction sequence(s) needed to achieve the goal; associated with software engineering
0	0	use cases	are descriptions of the way users will employ the features and functions of the new information system	structured, well-documented and verbose descriptions of what a system should do used for testing. they are not the same as user stories
0	0	use cases	a standard form of expressing requirements as a scenario-based task that the system must automate	emphasis on user-system interactions, rather than user's task itself identify &"actors&"  define the &"normal course&"  id alternative courses with #s corresponding to steps replaced
0	0	use cases	key features of the system. something that provides some measurable result to the user or an external system	set of scenarios that describes an interaction between a user and a system
0	0	use cases	are the mechanism for capturing the desired behavior for the system that is under development, but they do not specify how the behavior is to be implemented.	emphasis on user-system interactions, rather than user's task itself identify &"actors&"  define the &"normal course&"  id alternative courses with #s corresponding to steps replaced
2	1	use cases	-used to explain and document the interaction between the users and the system  -used as a means of user requirements	are descriptions of the way users will employ the features and functions of the new information system
2	1	use cases	• used for functional requirements analysis and specification  • a step-by-step description of how a user will use the system-to-be to accomplish business goals	a more traditional mechanism for articulating a specific customer goal for system use and the interaction sequence(s) needed to achieve the goal; associated with software engineering
0	0	use cases	• used for functional requirements analysis and specification  • a step-by-step description of how a user will use the system-to-be to accomplish business goals	a standard form of expressing requirements as a scenario-based task that the system must automate
1	0	use cases	• used for functional requirements analysis and specification  • a step-by-step description of how a user will use the system-to-be to accomplish business goals	emphasis on user-system interactions, rather than user's task itself identify &"actors&"  define the &"normal course&"  id alternative courses with #s corresponding to steps replaced
2	1	use cases	a more traditional mechanism for articulating a specific customer goal for system use and the interaction sequence(s) needed to achieve the goal; associated with software engineering	emphasis on user-system interactions, rather than user's task itself identify &"actors&"  define the &"normal course&"  id alternative courses with #s corresponding to steps replaced
1	0	use cases	universal modelling language (uml) defined diagram that outlines the different user types and their potential interactions with the system	the primary driver for all uml diagramming techniques. depicts major activities performed by actors. describe basic high-level functions of a system. building blocks for continued design activities.
1	0	use cases	text stories of some actor using a system to meet goals	stories or scenarios of how people use the application
1	0	use cases	universal modelling language (uml) defined diagram that outlines the different user types and their potential interactions with the system	assume an interaction with a system as well as detailed understanding of the interaction.
0	0	use cases	piece of functionality performed by a system, that can be identified using a short description	a more traditional mechanism for articulating a specific customer goal for system use and the interaction sequence(s) needed to achieve the goal; associated with software engineering
0	0	use cases	universal modelling language (uml) defined diagram that outlines the different user types and their potential interactions with the system	described interactions between a system and external actors
0	0	use cases	piece of functionality performed by a system, that can be identified using a short description	• used for functional requirements analysis and specification  • a step-by-step description of how a user will use the system-to-be to accomplish business goals
0	0	use cases	piece of functionality performed by a system, that can be identified using a short description	a standard form of expressing requirements as a scenario-based task that the system must automate
0	0	use cases	are descriptions of the way users will employ the features and functions of the new information system	way of describing interactions between users and a system using a graph and text
0	0	use cases	structured, well-documented and verbose descriptions of what a system should do used for testing. they are not the same as user stories	way of describing interactions between users and a system using a graph and text
0	0	use cases	key features of the system. something that provides some measurable result to the user or an external system	a set of use cases that illustrate the basic processes that the system needs to support
0	0	use cases	piece of functionality performed by a system, that can be identified using a short description	are the mechanism for capturing the desired behavior for the system that is under development, but they do not specify how the behavior is to be implemented.
0	0	use cases	piece of functionality performed by a system, that can be identified using a short description	emphasis on user-system interactions, rather than user's task itself identify &"actors&"  define the &"normal course&"  id alternative courses with #s corresponding to steps replaced
0	0	use cases	key features of the system. something that provides some measurable result to the user or an external system	written descriptions of user's interaction with the software product to accomplish a goal
2	1	use cases	assume an interaction with a system as well as detailed understanding of the interaction.	described interactions between a system and external actors
0	0	use cases	the primary driver for all uml diagramming techniques. depicts major activities performed by actors. describe basic high-level functions of a system. building blocks for continued design activities.	described interactions between a system and external actors
0	0	congestion control	throttle sender when network overloaded	+ many computers sending data at the same time -&gt; packets lost (router's buffer overflows, delayed (queuing im router's buffer).
2	1	congestion control	service for the general welfare of the internet rather than end hosts, throttles sending when network is congested	a service for the general welfare in the internet rather than for the direct benefit of communicating processes
2	1	congestion control	throttle sender when network overloaded	src determines current capacity of the network, so that it doesn't overload it
3	1	matrix multiplication	performed by multiplying the elements of each row of the first matrix by the elements of each column of the second matrix. add the products.	multiply each row of matrix a by each column of matrix b  use dot product - multiply matching items and sum result
3	1	data cache	a shared, reserved memory area that stores the most recently accessed data blocks in ram. also called buffer cache.	shared memory that stores the most recently accessed data blocks in ram
2	1	data cache	recently/frequently used lines of data and/or stack segments. holds information to be manipulated/read from	- shared, reserved memory area that stores the most recently accessed data blocks in ram - also caches system catalog data and contents of indexes - aka buffer cache
2	1	data cache	a shared, reserved memory area that stores the most recently accessed data blocks in ram. also called buffer cache.	recently/frequently used lines of data and/or stack segments. holds information to be manipulated/read from
0	0	data cache	shared memory that stores the most recently accessed data blocks in ram	recently/frequently used lines of data and/or stack segments. holds information to be manipulated/read from
0	0	design rationale	it is the information that explains why a computer system is the way it is.	recording design knowledge
0	0	design rationale	background which helped the designer to arrive at the design	includes discussion of the design problem, historical background of the client, design considerations and even the philosophy of the design firm
0	0	design rationale	recording design knowledge	process vs. structure
0	0	performance studies	recreates texts through performance;taking a text, recreating that text in order to gain a deeper understanding from your perspective	-scholars study performance -human expression is shaped and reshaped in particular social and historical circumstances, in complex and lengthy processes
1	0	performance studies	-scholars study performance -human expression is shaped and reshaped in particular social and historical circumstances, in complex and lengthy processes	a method in which researchers represent cultural experiences by observing and reenacting culturally situated communicative acts to reflect an interpretation of cultural practice through human expression
1	0	performance studies	a diverse academic discipline that focuses on performance as a lens to study the world, an object of study, and a method of inquiry	an interdisciplinary field that draws on and contributes to many disciplines such as communication studies, theater, anthropology, new media, women and gender studies, and english
1	0	natural language	a complex, but structured language, both written and spoken, that has evolved naturally in humans through use, repetition, and adaptation	describe algorithms so humans can understand them
0	0	natural language	the languages humans use to communicate with each other, not precisely defined	describe algorithms so humans can understand them
1	0	natural language	a method of computer communication that is familiar to the user.  e.g. speech recognition or typing  problems: vague, ambiguous, difficult to do well	machines ability to analyse, understand and generate human speech its goal is to make interaction as humanlike as possible
2	1	natural language	a language that has developed naturally in use	the languages humans use to communicate with each other, not precisely defined
1	0	natural language	used for specifications and requirements ex: english problems: ambiguous, incomplete, and inconsistent (left for many interpretations) fix: use mathematical logic	verbose and ambiguous and are rarely used for complex or technical algorithm
3	1	natural language	the requirements are written using numbered sentences in natural language. each sentence should express one requirement.	requirements written in numbered sentences, each sentence should express one requirement.
0	0	natural language	trying to interpret human language and use it to do things (e.g. amazon's alexa uses nlp to take what you say and run commands with it)	the languages humans use to communicate with each other, not precisely defined
2	1	natural language	feature that allows users to type commands or requests in normal text phrases	a software feature that allows users to type commands or requests in normal english (or other language) phrases.
1	0	natural language	a language that has developed naturally in use	a complex, but structured language, both written and spoken, that has evolved naturally in humans through use, repetition, and adaptation
2	1	natural language	machines ability to analyse, understand and generate human speech its goal is to make interaction as humanlike as possible	- familiar to user - speech recognition or typed natural language
0	0	natural language	trying to interpret human language and use it to do things (e.g. amazon's alexa uses nlp to take what you say and run commands with it)	a language that has developed naturally in use
0	0	natural language	trying to interpret human language and use it to do things (e.g. amazon's alexa uses nlp to take what you say and run commands with it)	describe algorithms so humans can understand them
2	1	natural language	a language that has developed naturally in use	language that has developed in the usual way as a method of communicating between people, rather than language that has been created, for example for computers
0	0	natural language	trying to interpret human language and use it to do things (e.g. amazon's alexa uses nlp to take what you say and run commands with it)	language that has developed in the usual way as a method of communicating between people, rather than language that has been created, for example for computers
2	1	access control models	a framework that dictates how subjects access objects	define how access is regulated to resources
1	0	access control models	discretionary access control, mandatory access control	mandatory access discretionary access rulebase  rolebase
1	0	building blocks	built-in document parts designed and formatted to produce a professional looking document	built-in reusable content such as text, graphics, and objects that can be easily managed and inserted in a document for a quick format.
0	0	building blocks	-- surrogate key -- alternate key (business key or canditate key) -- attributes -- metadata: columns that track data lineage, auditing and other data warehouse processes	built-in document parts designed and formatted to produce a professional looking document
0	0	building blocks	-- surrogate key -- alternate key (business key or canditate key) -- attributes -- metadata: columns that track data lineage, auditing and other data warehouse processes	highly-fit (surviving), short length schemata (resistant to crossover) allow &"implicit parallelism&"
0	0	building blocks	generally difficult to provide an exact duplicate of underlying machine. most vmms implement virtual cpu (vcpu) to represent state of cpu per guest as guest believes it to be	built-in document parts designed and formatted to produce a professional looking document
0	0	building blocks	generally difficult to provide an exact duplicate of underlying machine. most vmms implement virtual cpu (vcpu) to represent state of cpu per guest as guest believes it to be	built-in reusable content such as text, graphics, and objects that can be easily managed and inserted in a document for a quick format.
0	0	building blocks	no matter how complex an object is must begin with simple building blocks 3d objects defined as polygons	built-in reusable content such as text, graphics, and objects that can be easily managed and inserted in a document for a quick format.
0	0	building blocks	no matter how complex an object is must begin with simple building blocks 3d objects defined as polygons	highly-fit (surviving), short length schemata (resistant to crossover) allow &"implicit parallelism&"
0	0	building blocks	generally difficult to provide an exact duplicate of underlying machine. most vmms implement virtual cpu (vcpu) to represent state of cpu per guest as guest believes it to be	-- surrogate key -- alternate key (business key or canditate key) -- attributes -- metadata: columns that track data lineage, auditing and other data warehouse processes
0	0	building blocks	-- surrogate key -- alternate key (business key or canditate key) -- attributes -- metadata: columns that track data lineage, auditing and other data warehouse processes	built-in reusable content such as text, graphics, and objects that can be easily managed and inserted in a document for a quick format.
0	0	building blocks	highly-fit (surviving), short length schemata (resistant to crossover) allow &"implicit parallelism&"	built-in reusable content such as text, graphics, and objects that can be easily managed and inserted in a document for a quick format.
3	1	digital video	videos that are made up of 1's and 0's, binary format, that represent the video image which computers can read.	unlike traditional analog video, which is captured frame by frame on a tape, this is recorded digitally, as ones and zeros
0	0	physical layer	bits: all the physical connections to the computer. describes the electrical and physical specifications for the devices. cables, connectors, hubs and repeaters.	1st layer includes the physical devices that connect computers, like cables. cabling, connectors, and sending signals
0	0	physical layer	to transmit bits over a medium; to provide mechanical and electrical specifications  defines: physical characteristics, representation of bits, data rate, sychronization, line configuration, physical topology, transmission mode	defines the hardware, cabling wiring, power output, pulse rate, etc. (osi layer)
3	1	physical layer	responsible for movement of individual bits from one node to the next, physical interface like cabling or connectors	the network layer that defines the cables and voltage going through it. this deals with bits of information.
0	0	physical layer	bits &"on the wire&", actually sends the data	responsible for movement of individual bits from one node to the next, physical interface like cabling or connectors
1	0	physical layer	-responsible for transmission and receipt of bits from one node to another -signiling, cabling, connections -not about protocols	simplest layer and is responsible for sending bits via a wired or wireless transmission
1	0	physical layer	only layer that deals with hardware  1. this layer takes care of mechanical, electrical, and physical speculations of a network connection	the layer of the osi model that sets standards for sending and receiving electrical signals between devices. fssl
2	1	physical layer	responsible for movement of individual bits from one node to the next, physical interface like cabling or connectors	moves actual bits between nodes of the network on a best effort basis (i.e. wires, cables, wireless radio, etc.).
0	0	physical layer	bits &"on the wire&", actually sends the data	a connection type must be established before the network can be accessed. a wired or wireless physical connection must be established
0	0	physical layer	this is the lowest or first layer of the osi model. this layer contains the physical networking medium, such as nic, cabling, connectors, and repeaters (hubs).	topology (ring, mesh, star, bus, and hybrid
2	1	physical layer	anything that moves data from one system to another, such as copper cabling, fiber optics, even radio waves.	wires, bits stream, media, wire, fiber transcription of bits to physical values
1	0	physical layer	defines the physical characteristics of the transmission medium (connectors, pins, electrical currents, encoding, light modulation, etc) rj-45, ethernet (ieee 802.3) lan hub, lan repeater, cables	defines the hardware, cabling wiring, power output, pulse rate, etc. (osi layer)
0	0	physical layer	defines the type of connection and therefore the rules by which the signals are transmitted	concerned with transmitting data bits (zeros or ones) over a communication circuit.
3	1	physical layer	osi layer which coordinates representation of bits / functions required to carry a bit stream over a physical medium	the osi layer provides the means for transmitting data bits over a physical medium.
2	1	physical layer	responsible for movement of individual bits from one node to the next, physical interface like cabling or connectors	a connection type must be established before the network can be accessed. a wired or wireless physical connection must be established
0	0	physical layer	defines the physical characteristics of the transmission medium (connectors, pins, electrical currents, encoding, light modulation, etc) rj-45, ethernet (ieee 802.3) lan hub, lan repeater, cables	to transmit bits over a medium; to provide mechanical and electrical specifications  defines: physical characteristics, representation of bits, data rate, sychronization, line configuration, physical topology, transmission mode
0	0	physical layer	a layer of osi model that transmit data over a bit stream from one hop to the next	defines the type of connection and therefore the rules by which the signals are transmitted
1	0	physical layer	physical interface between computers and network. concerned with data rates.	--generates/detects signals to tx/rx data over network medium --sets data tx rate and monitors data error rates --form of protection for link layer
0	0	physical layer	layer 1 is connected primarily with transmitting data bite (zero or ones) over a communication circuit	defines the type of connection and therefore the rules by which the signals are transmitted
2	1	physical layer	moves the individual bits within the frame from one node to the next. ex: fiber optic cable, copper wire	anything that moves data from one system to another, such as copper cabling, fiber optics, even radio waves.
1	0	physical layer	primary function is to place the transmission signal carrying the message onto the communications media. put bits on a wire.	specify details about the underlying transmission medium and hardware. all specifications related to electrical properties, radio frequencies, and signals belong in layer 1
2	1	physical layer	bits &"on the wire&", actually sends the data	the network layer that defines the cables and voltage going through it. this deals with bits of information.
2	1	physical layer	the lowest, or first, layer of the osi model. the layer is responsible only for sending bits via a wired or wireless transmission	simplest layer and is responsible for sending bits via a wired or wireless transmission
1	0	physical layer	handles the transmission of bits over a communications channel includes voltage levels, connectors, media choice, modulation techniques	- examples: cabling, radio frequencies/channels, speed, clock rate, electrical aspects of transmission - pdu: bits
1	0	physical layer	moves individual bits within a frame from one node to the next. protocols are the physical medium of the layer, like copper wire, fiber optic,	wires, bits stream, media, wire, fiber transcription of bits to physical values
2	1	physical layer	layer 1 is connected primarily with transmitting data bite (zero or ones) over a communication circuit	concerned with transmitting data bits (zeros or ones) over a communication circuit.
2	1	physical layer	defines the hardware, cabling wiring, power output, pulse rate, etc. (osi layer)	• synchronizing bits • how bits are represented on the medium • wiring standards for connectors and jacks • physical topology • bandwidth usage • multiplexing strategy
0	0	physical layer	bits &"on the wire&", actually sends the data	moves actual bits between nodes of the network on a best effort basis (i.e. wires, cables, wireless radio, etc.).
2	1	physical layer	specify details about the underlying transmission medium and hardware. all specifications related to electrical properties, radio frequencies, and signals belong in layer 1	the layer of the osi model that sets standards for sending and receiving electrical signals between devices. fssl
0	0	physical layer	characteristics: cabling, connectors, nics, voltages, modulation frequencies, waveforms, baseband, broadband, etc  devices: hubs, repeaters, patch panel cables, nics	media, signal, and binary transmission.  -most common layer to have a fault  -sends data in bits (1 and 0)  - rf, light, or electrical pulses (transmission medium)
2	1	physical layer	- physical connection between the computer and/or devices in the network (network hardware)	data arrives as bits and provides a direct connection to the network handles ethernet
1	0	physical layer	-responsible for transmission and receipt of bits from one node to another -signiling, cabling, connections -not about protocols	the first layer, it sends bits via wired or wireless transmission.
0	0	physical layer	layer 1 (l1) of the (osi) seven-layer model:  the physical layer defines hardware connections and turns binary into physical pulses (electrical or light). cables operate at the physical layer.	defines the physical characteristics of the transmission medium (connectors, pins, electrical currents, encoding, light modulation, etc) rj-45, ethernet (ieee 802.3) lan hub, lan repeater, cables
2	1	physical layer	this layer consists of the actual physical connection between sender and receiver. this layer transfers electrical, radio, or light signals through circuits.	specify details about the underlying transmission medium and hardware. all specifications related to electrical properties, radio frequencies, and signals belong in layer 1
0	0	physical layer	media, signal, and binary transmission.  -most common layer to have a fault  -sends data in bits (1 and 0)  - rf, light, or electrical pulses (transmission medium)	layer 1. turns raw bits into electrical signaling and defines physical network media such as copper cabling, fiber optics, and wireless transmission standards. concerned with bit rates and transmission modes.
0	0	physical layer	the network layer that defines the cables and voltage going through it. this deals with bits of information.	a connection type must be established before the network can be accessed. a wired or wireless physical connection must be established
2	1	physical layer	only layer that deals with hardware  1. this layer takes care of mechanical, electrical, and physical speculations of a network connection	specify details about the underlying transmission medium and hardware. all specifications related to electrical properties, radio frequencies, and signals belong in layer 1
2	1	physical layer	responsible for the transmission of raw sequence of bits	accepts the frame from the data link layer and converts the frame into bits for transmission over the physical connection medium.
1	0	physical layer	a connection type must be established before the network can be accessed. a wired or wireless physical connection must be established	moves actual bits between nodes of the network on a best effort basis (i.e. wires, cables, wireless radio, etc.).
0	0	physical layer	the lowest, or first, layer of the osi model. hubs operate at this layer.	topology (ring, mesh, star, bus, and hybrid
2	1	physical layer	layer 1 of the osi model, it is concerned with the transmission of bits on a network. ethernet cord, fiber optic cables.	• signal that transports traffic across the network on cable or fiber. - signaling, cabling, connectors - not protocols
2	1	physical layer	the lowest, or first, layer of the osi model. the layer is responsible only for sending bits via a wired or wireless transmission	-responsible for transmission and receipt of bits from one node to another -signiling, cabling, connections -not about protocols
1	0	physical layer	moves the individual bits within the frame from one node to the next. ex: fiber optic cable, copper wire	wires, bits stream, media, wire, fiber transcription of bits to physical values
2	1	physical layer	primary function is to place the transmission signal carrying the message onto the communications media. put bits on a wire.	this layer consists of the actual physical connection between sender and receiver. this layer transfers electrical, radio, or light signals through circuits.
2	1	physical layer	layer 1 of the osi model, which provides the electrical and mechanical connection to the network  ex) (eia/tia)-related technologies, utp, fiber, and network interface cards (nics)	layer 1 of the osi model, which provides the electrical and mechanical connection to the network. (hub)
2	1	physical layer	a layer of osi model that transmit data over a bit stream from one hop to the next	layer 1 is connected primarily with transmitting data bite (zero or ones) over a communication circuit
2	1	physical layer	osi layer that defines hardware connections and turns binary into physical pulses (electric or light).	defines the hardware connections and turns binary into physical pulses (electrical or light). repeaters and hubs operate at this layer
0	0	physical layer	layer 1 (l1) of the (osi) seven-layer model:  the physical layer defines hardware connections and turns binary into physical pulses (electrical or light). cables operate at the physical layer.	defines the hardware, cabling wiring, power output, pulse rate, etc. (osi layer)
0	0	decision support systems	information system that supports problem-specific decision making; focuses on decision making effectiveness	use data as input along with prior knowledge to create rules that guide decisions
2	1	decision support systems	business intelligence systems that combine models and data in an attempt to solve semistructured and some unstructured problems with extensive user involvement.	combines models &  data to analyze semi-structured and some unstructured problems that involve extensive user involvement.
0	0	decision support systems	computer software systems designed to help managers solve problems by showing how results vary when the manager alters assumptions or data.	ex: a manager can try out different assumptions about turnover rates to see how those assumptions affect the number of new employees needed.
1	0	decision support systems	use data as input along with prior knowledge to create rules that guide decisions	is an information system used in support of decision making
2	1	decision support systems	are a type of information system that assist users to make a decision by providing information, models and analysis tools.	a form of information system that assists users in making decisions.
3	1	decision support systems	model information using olap, which provides assistance in evaluating and choosing among different courses of action	models information using olap to assist evaluating and choosing options
0	0	decision support systems	this information system not only presents the results but also expands the information with alternatives. some dss methodologies mathematical modeling simulation queries what-if (olap-cubes) data mining	computer based is systems that combine models + data in an attempt to solve relatively unstructured problems w/ extensive user involvement
0	0	decision support systems	comp-based is that combine models + data to resolve non-structured problems w/extensive user involvement	this information system not only presents the results but also expands the information with alternatives. some dss methodologies mathematical modeling simulation queries what-if (olap-cubes) data mining
3	1	decision support systems	comp-based is that combine models + data to resolve non-structured problems w/extensive user involvement	computer based is systems that combine models + data in an attempt to solve relatively unstructured problems w/ extensive user involvement
0	0	flow analysis	graphically represent the flow of information and activity through all phases of a system or process. good for bottleneck identification.	the previous technique for cycle time analysis is only one example of what can be done using flow analysis techniques
0	0	flow analysis	ideo concept generation technique; graphically represent the flow of information and activity through all phases of a system or process; good for bottleneck identification	the previous technique for cycle time analysis is only one example of what can be done using flow analysis techniques
2	1	project managers	oversee the project, manage the personnel	responsible for the planning, execution, and completion of projects.
2	1	project managers	responsible for the planning, execution, and completion of projects.	work with project sponsors, project team, and other people involved in a project to meet project goals
1	0	project managers	oversee the project, manage the personnel	work with project sponsors, project team, and other people involved in a project to meet project goals
1	0	project managers	responsible for keeping all members on task for a project. usually the person who interfaces with the client.	-oversee development process and held accountable for deliverables
2	1	project managers	responsible for overseeing individual projects, from communicating with clients to coordinating with programmers.	-oversee development process and held accountable for deliverables
1	0	project managers	responsible for keeping all members on task for a project. usually the person who interfaces with the client.	responsible for overseeing individual projects, from communicating with clients to coordinating with programmers.
2	1	sequential consistency	when processes are running concurrently, interleaving of read and write operations is acceptable, but all processes see the same interleaving of operations	interleaving the r/w is assessable, but all processes see the same interleaving of operations.  - this only matters if everyone sees the same order of operations
2	1	fault tolerant	capable of continuing operation even if a component fails. redundant components.	internet-netwkrk redundancy enables a system to continhe to operate in the event of failure of some part
3	1	fault tolerant	capacity of a system to operate even if one or more components fail	a system or application is said to be fault tolerant if the failure of one component does not disable the rest of the system or application.
2	1	fault tolerant	capable of continuing operation even if a component fails. redundant components.	property that enables a system to continue operating properly in the event of the failure of some of its components.
2	1	fault tolerant	property of the internet that allows it to work properly even in the event of a failure of some components	internet-netwkrk redundancy enables a system to continhe to operate in the event of failure of some part
2	1	fault tolerant	capacity of a system to operate even if one or more components fail	systems that can suffer a failure of any single component and still continue operation
2	1	fault tolerant	property of the internet that allows it to work properly even in the event of a failure of some components	capable of continuing operation even if a component fails. redundant components.
3	1	fault tolerant	a system or application is said to be fault tolerant if the failure of one component does not disable the rest of the system or application.	systems that can suffer a failure of any single component and still continue operation
0	0	data sets	a list of recommended data elements with uniform definitions that are relevant for a particular use and encourage uniform data collection and reporting.	a recommended list of data elements that have defined and uniform definitions that are specific to a type of healthcare industry
3	1	data sets	are a recommended list of data elements that have defined and uniform definitions that are relevant for a particular use or are specific to a type of healthcare industry.	the need to compare uniform discharge data from one hospital to the next led to the development of data sets or list of recommended data elements with uniform definitions.
1	0	data sets	a recommended list of data elements that have defined and uniform definitions that are specific to a type of healthcare industry	a list of recommended data elements with uniform definitions that are relevant for a particular use.
0	0	data sets	a list of recommended data elements with uniform definitions that are relevant for a particular use and encourage uniform data collection and reporting.	the need to compare uniform discharge data from one hospital to the next led to the development of data sets or list of recommended data elements with uniform definitions.
1	0	data sets	a list of recommended data elements with uniform definitions that are relevant for a particular use and encourage uniform data collection and reporting.	are a recommended list of data elements that have defined and uniform definitions that are relevant for a particular use or are specific to a type of healthcare industry.
0	0	data sets	a list of recommended data elements with uniform definitions that are relevant for a particular use.	the need to compare uniform discharge data from one hospital to the next led to the development of data sets or list of recommended data elements with uniform definitions.
3	1	data sets	a recommended list of data elements that have defined and uniform definitions that are specific to a type of healthcare industry	are a recommended list of data elements that have defined and uniform definitions that are relevant for a particular use or are specific to a type of healthcare industry.
3	1	graphical user interfaces	use windows, icons, and pop up menus that have become standard on personal computers and other devices.	a visual way of interacting with a computer using items such as windows, icons, and menus, used by most modern operating systems
0	0	new technologies	&"the latest improvements include digital x-rays, lasers, chairs with built-in back massagers, in-house crowns, and even a high-tech&"	matching new technologies to the clients needs and abilities. may occur in various settings.
2	1	real estate	land and all natural and artificial improvements permanently attached to it	physical land and everything permanently attached to it
2	1	real estate	land plus permanent human made additions	land plus anything permanently attached to land
0	0	information overload	exceeding the amount of information a human mind can absorb and process, resulting in a decline in decision making quality and an increase in the cost of providing information.	a condition in which the volume of information received exceeds the person's capacity to process it
2	1	information overload	to describe the difficulty of understanding an issue and effectively making decisions when one has too much information about that issue	there is so much information that the most important messages can not be identified and quickly acted upon
0	0	information overload	rate of information/complexity of information exceeds ability to process the informaiton	a condition in which the volume of information received exceeds the person's capacity to process it
2	1	information overload	-the condition of having too much data available  - interfere with workflow and decrease efficiency  -managers must be selective to avoid overload	the rate of information flow and complexity exceeds processing capacity
3	1	information overload	people receive more information than they can effectively process	a state where a person has so much information that they are no longer able to effectively process and make use of it.
2	1	information overload	the state of being overwhelmed by the enormous amount of information encountered each day	the problems created by the presence or availability of too much information; can cause a person to feel overwhelmed or have difficulty making decisions
1	0	information overload	to describe the difficulty of understanding an issue and effectively making decisions when one has too much information about that issue	a situation where an individual has too much information and expecially too much trivial information which can be overwheling and possible cause relevant information to be lost or overlooked
2	1	information overload	the state of being overwhelmed by the enormous amount of information encountered each day	when so much information is provided that it actually hinders decision-making
2	1	information overload	the state of being overwhelmed by the enormous amount of information encountered each day	too much information causing reduced decision quality
0	0	information overload	a superabundance of information that increases the likelihood that important information is ignored or overlooked and tangential information receives attention.	bombarding your audience with more information than they can possibly absorb
1	0	information overload	rate of information/complexity of information exceeds ability to process the informaiton	a condition in which information inflow exceeds an individual's processing capacity, causing decision making to take too long.
1	0	information overload	the state of being overwhelmed by the enormous amount of information encountered each day	a situation where an individual has too much information and expecially too much trivial information which can be overwheling and possible cause relevant information to be lost or overlooked
2	1	information overload	too much information causing reduced decision quality	there is so much information that the most important messages can not be identified and quickly acted upon
2	1	information overload	the state of being overwhelmed by the amount of information one takes in	it is a situation in which you receive too much information at one time and cannot think about it in a clear way
2	1	information overload	a difficulty in making decisions due to the presence of excessive amounts of information	a condition in which information inflow exceeds an individual's processing capacity, causing decision making to take too long.
3	1	information overload	when so much information is provided that it actually hinders decision-making	there is so much information that the most important messages can not be identified and quickly acted upon
1	0	information overload	condition in which information inflow exceeds an individual's processing capacity.	the rate of information flow and complexity exceeds processing capacity
2	1	information overload	too much information causing reduced decision quality	the problems created by the presence or availability of too much information; can cause a person to feel overwhelmed or have difficulty making decisions
2	1	information overload	rate of information/complexity of information exceeds ability to process the informaiton	a difficulty in making decisions due to the presence of excessive amounts of information
1	0	information overload	the state of being overwhelmed by the enormous amount of information encountered each day	there is so much information that the most important messages can not be identified and quickly acted upon
1	0	information overload	a situation where an individual has too much information and expecially too much trivial information which can be overwheling and possible cause relevant information to be lost or overlooked	it is a situation in which you receive too much information at one time and cannot think about it in a clear way
3	1	information overload	too much information causing reduced decision quality	it is a situation in which you receive too much information at one time and cannot think about it in a clear way
3	1	information overload	too much information causing reduced decision quality	when so much information is provided that it actually hinders decision-making
3	1	information overload	the problems created by the presence or availability of too much information; can cause a person to feel overwhelmed or have difficulty making decisions	it is a situation in which you receive too much information at one time and cannot think about it in a clear way
1	0	information overload	exceeding the amount of information a human mind can absorb and process, resulting in a decline in decision making quality and an increase in the cost of providing information.	a difficulty in making decisions due to the presence of excessive amounts of information
2	1	information overload	communication that is too much and/or comes too fast to process at one time	a state where a person has so much information that they are no longer able to effectively process and make use of it.
2	1	information overload	communication that is too much and/or comes too fast to process at one time	people receive more information than they can effectively process
1	0	information overload	condition in which information inflow exceeds an individual's processing capacity.	-the condition of having too much data available  - interfere with workflow and decrease efficiency  -managers must be selective to avoid overload
2	1	information overload	too much information causing reduced decision quality	a situation where an individual has too much information and expecially too much trivial information which can be overwheling and possible cause relevant information to be lost or overlooked
1	0	information overload	to describe the difficulty of understanding an issue and effectively making decisions when one has too much information about that issue	too much information causing reduced decision quality
3	1	information overload	occurs when the rate of information flow into a system and/or the complexity of that information exceed the system's processing capacity	the rate of information flow and complexity exceeds processing capacity
2	1	information overload	rate of information/complexity of information exceeds ability to process the informaiton	exceeding the amount of information a human mind can absorb and process, resulting in a decline in decision making quality and an increase in the cost of providing information.
2	1	information overload	the state of being overwhelmed by the amount of information one takes in	there is so much information that the most important messages can not be identified and quickly acted upon
3	1	information overload	to describe the difficulty of understanding an issue and effectively making decisions when one has too much information about that issue	it is a situation in which you receive too much information at one time and cannot think about it in a clear way
2	1	information overload	condition in which information inflow exceeds an individual's processing capacity.	occurs when the rate of information flow into a system and/or the complexity of that information exceed the system's processing capacity
3	1	information overload	when so much information is provided that it actually hinders decision-making	it is a situation in which you receive too much information at one time and cannot think about it in a clear way
0	0	information overload	compulsive web surfing leading to lower work productivity and less social interaction with family and friends	the burgeoning quantity of information, along with the escalating number of mass-media channels and content that we face most days
2	1	information overload	the state of being overwhelmed by the amount of information one takes in	the problems created by the presence or availability of too much information; can cause a person to feel overwhelmed or have difficulty making decisions
3	1	information overload	when so much information is provided that it actually hinders decision-making	the problems created by the presence or availability of too much information; can cause a person to feel overwhelmed or have difficulty making decisions
2	1	research questions	interrogative statements that ask, &"what is the relationship...&" or &"is there some relationship...&" among communication variables or processes.	interrogative statements (questions) exploring the relationship between two or concepts.
1	0	research questions	questions that researcher seeks to answer	the specific inquiries researchers conducting experiments or investigations seek to answer
2	1	research questions	- serves as guide posts in research  - it is the fundamental core of a research paper	interrogative statement that reflects the central questions the research intends to answer
0	0	research questions	preferred when little is known about a communication phenomenon. used when previous studies report conflicting results. used to describe communication phenomena	formed from gaps in the current published research and specify the reason of your research. found in introduction.
0	0	research questions	refined statements of the specific components of the problem	should be feasible (within the time and resources available), socially important, and scientifically relevant; should avoid reflecting a social bias or reinforcing societal stereotypes
0	0	research questions	-refined statements of specific components of advertising problem/marketing communication problems -cannot be too broad or too narrow  -pay attention to verbs -researchable	should be feasible (within the time and resources available), socially important, and scientifically relevant; should avoid reflecting a social bias or reinforcing societal stereotypes
0	0	research questions	1. basic and applied	express the research objectives in terms of questions that can be addressed by research.
2	1	research questions	questions that researcher seeks to answer	questions that guide the research process; probes researcher's as well as the audience's knowledge on the topic
0	0	research questions	refined statements of the specific components of the problem	must direct data search.   define question clearly and narrow the scope  focus attention on finding data directly related to those factors
1	0	research questions	-refined statements of specific components of advertising problem/marketing communication problems -cannot be too broad or too narrow  -pay attention to verbs -researchable	must direct data search.   define question clearly and narrow the scope  focus attention on finding data directly related to those factors
0	0	research questions	concise, interrogative statement in the present tense and including one or more variables	formed from gaps in the current published research and specify the reason of your research. found in introduction.
0	0	research questions	involves more specific, focused statements, and question	interrogative statement that reflects the central questions the research intends to answer
1	0	research questions	the specific inquiries researchers conducting experiments or investigations seek to answer	questions that guide the research process; probes researcher's as well as the audience's knowledge on the topic
1	0	architectural styles	take advantage of common features by applying generalized patterns	generic solutions of software architectures. focusing on one can create problems.
2	1	architectural styles	- data flow (batch sequential, pipe-and-filter) - call-and-return (sub programs, classical objects) - interacting processes (communicating processes, threads) - data-centred repository (transactional database, client-server) - data-sharing (hypertext)	- data-centered - data flow - call and return - object-oriented - layered
0	0	architectural styles	take advantage of common features by applying generalized patterns	a named collection of architectural design decisions- constrain architectural design decisions
0	0	architectural styles	- data flow (batch sequential, pipe-and-filter) - call-and-return (sub programs, classical objects) - interacting processes (communicating processes, threads) - data-centred repository (transactional database, client-server) - data-sharing (hypertext)	- message-based implicit invocation - message-based explicit invocation - publish - subscribe - shared state - distributed objects
0	0	architectural styles	generic solutions of software architectures. focusing on one can create problems.	a named collection of architectural design decisions- constrain architectural design decisions
0	0	architectural styles	patterns that describe a stylized description of good design practice	these are software patterns at the architectural level of design. they define a family of software architectures constrained by: - a component/connector vocabulary - a topology - semantics
0	0	network connectivity	the type, method, and reliability of a connection to a network	network card connecting to particular type of network media
0	0	network connectivity	management of the hardware (network interface card) and the proper realization of the osi model.	network card connecting to particular type of network media
0	0	conceptual design	materials should be considered even in this part of the project	ideas of the design
0	0	conceptual design	used to connect mental models between the designer and user getting user's mental models to match designers	•critique and compare multiple design concepts  •sort out best one  •weigh concept feasibility  •prototypes: low-fidelity paper, storyboards   •&"evaluate&" via storytelling
0	0	conceptual design	step where you are: developing the contextual-, external-and internal-level schemas.	determine where relationships and dependency is within the data
1	0	conceptual design	- critique and compare multiple design concepts - sort out best one - weigh concept feasibility - prototypes: low-fidelity paper, storyboards - 'evaluate' via storytelling	the manifestation of the designer's mental model. contains a theme with the purpose of communicating a vision of a system or product.
0	0	conceptual design	process using data modeling techniques to create a model of a database structure that represents real-world objects as realistically as possible. design is both software and hardware independent	represents requirements of a database that utilizes computerized tools to maintain, modify, and transform the information and implement the database.
1	0	conceptual design	the part of an interaction design that contains a theme, notion, or idea to communicate a design vision... connects user's and designers mental model	•critique and compare multiple design concepts  •sort out best one  •weigh concept feasibility  •prototypes: low-fidelity paper, storyboards   •&"evaluate&" via storytelling
2	1	conceptual design	input: users data requirements output: the conceptual data model task: analyze user requirements and express them through conceptual data model	the information architect and business user formalize data requirements in a conceptual model
0	0	conceptual design	•critique and compare multiple design concepts  •sort out best one  •weigh concept feasibility  •prototypes: low-fidelity paper, storyboards   •&"evaluate&" via storytelling	the manifestation of the designer's mental model. contains a theme with the purpose of communicating a vision of a system or product.
0	0	conceptual design	description of information used by enterprise. focus on documenting customer intention, disregard technology	determine where relationships and dependency is within the data
0	0	conceptual design	mental models metaphors story boards	•critique and compare multiple design concepts  •sort out best one  •weigh concept feasibility  •prototypes: low-fidelity paper, storyboards   •&"evaluate&" via storytelling
1	0	conceptual design	description of information used by enterprise. focus on documenting customer intention, disregard technology	the first stage in the database design process.  the goal at this stage is to design a database that is independent of database software and physical details.
3	1	conceptual design	a theme, notion, or idea with the purpose of communicating a design vision about a system or product. the metaphor or the theme of the product	the manifestation of the designer's mental model. contains a theme with the purpose of communicating a vision of a system or product.
1	0	conceptual design	- critique and compare multiple design concepts - sort out best one - weigh concept feasibility - prototypes: low-fidelity paper, storyboards - 'evaluate' via storytelling	the part of an interaction design that contains a theme, notion, or idea to communicate a design vision... connects user's and designers mental model
2	1	conceptual design	used to connect mental models between the designer and user getting user's mental models to match designers	the manifestation of the designer's mental model. contains a theme with the purpose of communicating a vision of a system or product.
1	0	conceptual design	used to connect mental models between the designer and user getting user's mental models to match designers	a theme, notion, or idea with the purpose of communicating a design vision about a system or product. the metaphor or the theme of the product
0	0	conceptual design	- critique and compare multiple design concepts - sort out best one - weigh concept feasibility - prototypes: low-fidelity paper, storyboards - 'evaluate' via storytelling	a theme, notion, or idea with the purpose of communicating a design vision about a system or product. the metaphor or the theme of the product
0	0	conceptual design	a process that uses data-modeling techniques to create a model of a database structure that represents real-world objects as realistically as possible.	represents requirements of a database that utilizes computerized tools to maintain, modify, and transform the information and implement the database.
1	0	conceptual design	- critique and compare multiple design concepts - sort out best one - weigh concept feasibility - prototypes: low-fidelity paper, storyboards - 'evaluate' via storytelling	used to connect mental models between the designer and user getting user's mental models to match designers
0	0	conceptual design	a theme, notion, or idea with the purpose of communicating a design vision about a system or product. the metaphor or the theme of the product	mental models metaphors story boards
1	0	conceptual design	a theme, notion, or idea with the purpose of communicating a design vision about a system or product. the metaphor or the theme of the product	connects the designer's mental model to the user's mental model
3	1	conceptual design	a process that uses data-modeling techniques to create a model of a database structure that represents real-world objects as realistically as possible.	process using data modeling techniques to create a model of a database structure that represents real-world objects as realistically as possible. design is both software and hardware independent
0	0	conceptual design	connects the designer's mental model to the user's mental model	•critique and compare multiple design concepts  •sort out best one  •weigh concept feasibility  •prototypes: low-fidelity paper, storyboards   •&"evaluate&" via storytelling
0	0	conceptual design	a textual and graphical representation of the main data elements, relationships, and constraints.	the first stage in the database design process.  the goal at this stage is to design a database that is independent of database software and physical details.
0	0	conceptual design	the first stage in the database design process.  the goal at this stage is to design a database that is independent of database software and physical details.	determine where relationships and dependency is within the data
0	0	conceptual design	description of information used by enterprise. focus on documenting customer intention, disregard technology	a textual and graphical representation of the main data elements, relationships, and constraints.
1	0	conceptual design	- critique and compare multiple design concepts - sort out best one - weigh concept feasibility - prototypes: low-fidelity paper, storyboards - 'evaluate' via storytelling	connects the designer's mental model to the user's mental model
0	0	conceptual design	step where you are: developing the contextual-, external-and internal-level schemas.	description of information used by enterprise. focus on documenting customer intention, disregard technology
1	0	conceptual design	the part of an interaction design that contains a theme, notion, or idea to communicate a design vision... connects user's and designers mental model	the manifestation of the designer's mental model. contains a theme with the purpose of communicating a vision of a system or product.
0	0	conceptual design	entity-relationship (er) model a collection of entities (things), and relationships among entities	early phase of design process and it hides the internal details of physical storage and targets on describing entities, datatype, relationships and constraints
0	0	conceptual design	used to connect mental models between the designer and user getting user's mental models to match designers	mental models metaphors story boards
3	1	conceptual design	used to connect mental models between the designer and user getting user's mental models to match designers	connects the designer's mental model to the user's mental model
3	1	conceptual design	best design response to the information from the site analysis and on the user analysis chart.	from the site related diagram, the one chosen to more respond best to the user analysis chart.
2	1	conceptual design	a textual and graphical representation of the main data elements, relationships, and constraints.	determine where relationships and dependency is within the data
1	0	web servers	host any number of websites and webpages	stores information on web pages; when you type in a website address, your browser requests the right website file from the web server
0	0	web servers	most commonly host web sites accessible on the internet, but they can also server pages within an internal network.	stores information on web pages; when you type in a website address, your browser requests the right website file from the web server
2	1	web servers	also called web hosts. used to fetch pages by request and sends them to the client's browser.	host any number of websites and webpages
3	1	web servers	also called web hosts. used to fetch pages by request and sends them to the client's browser.	a computer providing pages to web clients; a computer hosting a web page
2	1	web servers	a computer providing pages to web clients; a computer hosting a web page	stores information on web pages; when you type in a website address, your browser requests the right website file from the web server
1	0	web servers	stores and delivers requested webpages to a computer via a browse	implement the server side of http, house web objects, each addressable
0	0	web servers	the software that &"serves&" web resources to software clients. web servers typically run on &"server&" hardware. however, may computing devices today support their own web server software	a combination of software tools that let application software in one organization communicate with other applications over a network using protocols
1	0	web servers	most commonly host web sites accessible on the internet, but they can also server pages within an internal network.	host any number of websites and webpages
0	0	web servers	most commonly host web sites accessible on the internet, but they can also server pages within an internal network.	a computer providing pages to web clients; a computer hosting a web page
1	0	web servers	a program that processes the http protocol and transmits web pages on demand. web servers also process application programs	a combination of software tools that let application software in one organization communicate with other applications over a network using protocols
2	1	web servers	also called web hosts. used to fetch pages by request and sends them to the client's browser.	-web sites and their associated information are stored here -used to recognize information requests, and send the requested documents
0	0	web servers	host any number of websites and webpages	-web sites and their associated information are stored here -used to recognize information requests, and send the requested documents
1	0	web servers	a program that processes the http protocol and transmits web pages on demand. web servers also process application programs	the software that &"serves&" web resources to software clients. web servers typically run on &"server&" hardware. however, may computing devices today support their own web server software
2	1	web servers	most commonly host web sites accessible on the internet, but they can also server pages within an internal network.	-web sites and their associated information are stored here -used to recognize information requests, and send the requested documents
3	1	web servers	also called web hosts. used to fetch pages by request and sends them to the client's browser.	stores information on web pages; when you type in a website address, your browser requests the right website file from the web server
3	1	file size	specified as the number of 128-byte records occupied by a file on the disk.	file manager will show how big or small a file is in terms of bytes
0	0	file size	- 1000 rows x 1000 columns is 1 million values  - 1,000,000 bytes = 1mb	bit rate x duration
0	0	file size	specified as the number of 128-byte records occupied by a file on the disk.	the current size of a file was maintained in the file's file control block (fcb) by the operating system.
1	0	file size	the current size of a file was maintained in the file's file control block (fcb) by the operating system.	file manager will show how big or small a file is in terms of bytes
0	0	file size	the greater the colour depth, the larger the image file.	total bytes to store a file.
0	0	file size	sample rate   length   resolution * channels	bit rate x duration
2	1	file size	the digital size of the image file; measured in kilobytes, megabytes, or gigabytes.	the digital size of an image. to find this, multiply width in pixels by height in pixels
2	1	processor speed	this is measured in ghz for mot computers and flops for such systems as supercomputers.	measures the number of instructions per second the computer executes
0	0	dynamic information	the data may have been produces very quickly and so may contain errors.	it is most likely to be up to date as it changes automatically based on the source data.
3	1	dynamic information	includes data that change based on user actions. for example, static websites supply only information that will not change until the content editor changes the information.	data tha change based on user actions
3	1	dynamic information	information that changes based on user actions such as movie ticket availability, airline reservations (filter out what movie or destination you want)	includes data that change based on user actions ex: changes when user requests it movie ticket availability, airline prices, restaurant reservations
0	0	dynamic information	the information is updated automatically when the original data changes.	the data may have been produces very quickly and so may contain errors.
3	1	dynamic information	the information is updated automatically when the original data changes.	it is most likely to be up to date as it changes automatically based on the source data.
1	0	complex system	a complex system involves many interactions.	parts interact with other parts in different ways at different times, allowing systems to feed back on themselves. these are much harder to predict. (ex. weather or commuter traffic)
0	0	complex system	made up of parts that exist/change relationships within each other -parts adapt ex: red blood cells, ecosystem	results brought about by the interacting parts are not directly predictable
0	0	complex system	parts interact with other parts in different ways at different times, allowing systems to feed back on themselves. these are much harder to predict. (ex. weather or commuter traffic)	results brought about by the interacting parts are not directly predictable
0	0	complex system	a complex system involves many interactions.	results brought about by the interacting parts are not directly predictable
2	1	top-down approach	relies on &"schemata&" prior knowledge of readers. it begins with whole stories, paragraphs, sentences, words and then proceeds to the smallest units of syllables, praphemes, and phonemes	studying language as a whole. trying to understand the meaning of a reading or listening selection without worrying about the individual components of language.
2	1	top-down approach	begins with relationships between entities, then works down to specific attributes	the process of defining one or more subtypes of the supertype and forming supertype/subtype relationships.   **  er modeling  **
2	1	top-down approach	estimate the total fee needed to complete a project using rules of thumb and historical data. subtract other expenses to get direct fee, and allocate direct fee to each phase.	an approach for estimating fees where the pm begins by estimating the total fee needed to complete the project using a combination of rules of thumb and historical data.
1	0	top-down approach	begins at the entity level with the organization's objectives, and then identifies the key processes critical to the success of each of the organization's objectives	going from a non specialized object to a specialized object (specialization)
0	0	top-down approach	going from a non specialized object to a specialized object (specialization)	the process of defining one or more subtypes of the supertype and forming supertype/subtype relationships.   **  er modeling  **
0	0	top-down approach	the process of defining one or more subtypes of the supertype and forming supertype/subtype relationships.   **  er modeling  **	starting with business activities and working down to the programming and implementation level.
0	0	top-down approach	begins at the entity level with the organization's objectives, and then identifies the key processes critical to the success of each of the organization's objectives	begins with relationships between entities, then works down to specific attributes
1	0	top-down approach	begins at the entity level with the organization's objectives, and then identifies the key processes critical to the success of each of the organization's objectives	the process of defining one or more subtypes of the supertype and forming supertype/subtype relationships.   **  er modeling  **
0	0	top-down approach	starts from general principles that goes to more specific observations	process from pattern  inductive approach  make inferences based on repeated observations of patterns
0	0	top-down approach	-considers context in which child needs to perform, what aspects child is able to perform, and what they can't perform	highlights occupations and performance first, clients choose!, ot's work with the client to discover what limitations are experienced in occupations (assess barriers and resources)
2	1	top-down approach	begins at the entity level with the organization's objectives, and then identifies the key processes critical to the success of each of the organization's objectives	starting with business activities and working down to the programming and implementation level.
2	1	top-down approach	management style in which decisions are made in the upper levels of an organization without the input and participation of staff from throughout the organization	decisions are made by those with power, without consulting those who work within the system.
1	0	language processing	human translation &gt; neural network &gt; phrase based (google translate)	processing of language, very quickly ex: when you put something into a search engine on the computer auditory(listening), visual (reading), speaking (formulates thoughts to communicate to partner)
0	0	language processing	the scientific study of mental processes used in language production and comprehension	language processing systems translate one language into an alternative representation of that language and, for programming languages, may also execute the resulting code  example: compiler, natural language translator
0	0	language processing	language processing systems translate one language into an alternative representation of that language and, for programming languages, may also execute the resulting code  example: compiler, natural language translator	processing of language, very quickly ex: when you put something into a search engine on the computer auditory(listening), visual (reading), speaking (formulates thoughts to communicate to partner)
0	0	language processing	the scientific study of mental processes used in language production and comprehension	processing of language, very quickly ex: when you put something into a search engine on the computer auditory(listening), visual (reading), speaking (formulates thoughts to communicate to partner)
1	0	general purpose	not used for any specific task eg. word processing &  spreadsheet software	-software designed to solve user's common or general tasks using computer systems eg word processors, spreadsheets, photo editing applications
2	1	general purpose	designed to perform many tasks	capable of performing many different tasks e.g pcs, macs, smartphones.
2	1	general purpose	not used for any specific task eg. word processing &  spreadsheet software	off the shelf application programs that support general types of processing, rather than being linked to any specific business function -spreadsheets -wordprocessing -desktop publishing -photo editing
0	0	general purpose	these machines can be re-programmed for multiple applications.	designed to run a variety of applications capable of supporting remote terminal operations or small desktop workstations
1	0	general purpose	designed to perform many tasks	designed to run a variety of applications capable of supporting remote terminal operations or small desktop workstations
1	0	test cases	input data &  expected results	inputs to test the system and the predicted outputs from these inputs if the system operates according to its specification
1	0	test cases	1) input 2) initial state 3) expected output 4) actual output	inputs to test the system and the predicted outputs from these inputs if the system operates according to its specification
0	0	test cases	test steps used to verify a requirement in application.	the second consists of &lt;blank&gt; that are more complex to execute
2	1	test cases	test steps used to verify a requirement in application.	assess the quality of software applications (and may or may not be written as code),and
2	1	test cases	a document which contains a set of tests to help the programmer verify the code works as expected.	to make sure that system will work as expected
0	0	test cases	input data &  expected results	1) input 2) initial state 3) expected output 4) actual output
0	0	autonomous systems	the portion of a network that is operated by a signal organization, such as a university or even a carrier. (not a wan, or man question)	a network operated by one organization
2	1	autonomous systems	the portion of a network that is operated by a signal organization, such as a university or even a carrier. (not a wan, or man question)	is a network operated by one organization like ibm. or an organization that runs one part of the internet.
3	1	content delivery networks	- a system of hardware and software that stores user data in many geographical locations and made available on demand - a type of paas	a system of hardware and software that stores user data in many different geographical locations and made available on demand
1	0	content delivery networks	a network of servers in various physical locations that store copies of particular web sites, so as to reduce latency	network store copies of content closer to the end user
3	1	content delivery networks	a system of hardware and software that stores user data in many different geographical locations and made available on demand may be seen as a specialized type of paas	- a system of hardware and software that stores user data in many geographical locations and made available on demand - a type of paas
2	1	image quality	the accuracy in which the anatomical structure that is being imaged is represented on the image.	the exactness of representation of the patient's anatomy on a radiographic image.
0	0	image quality	- pixel's value is a measurement of a scene property over the source area. - the data captured is a noisy approximation of the world.	the more frames in the compound acquisition sequence, the better the
3	1	image quality	the fidelity with which the anatomical structure that is being imaged is rendered on the radiograph	the accuracy in which the anatomical structure that is being imaged is represented on the image.
0	0	image quality	include sharpness and visibility for good image quality   -factors, formulas, techniques	describes the production of images that are useful in determining accurate diagnosis  1. spatial resolution 2. contrast 3. noise
1	0	image quality	a characteristic of an image that measures the perceived image degradation.	describes the production of images that are useful in determining accurate diagnosis  1. spatial resolution 2. contrast 3. noise
2	1	image quality	term used for the fidelity (exact copy) of the structures on the image	how well the image represents the object scanned and if it serves the purpose for which it was acquired
0	0	image quality	how faithfully is the anatomy depicted on the image, therefore, how useful is it in determining an accurate diagnosis	include sharpness and visibility for good image quality   -factors, formulas, techniques
1	0	image quality	a characteristic of an image that measures the perceived image degradation.	include sharpness and visibility for good image quality   -factors, formulas, techniques
0	0	image quality	the more frames in the compound acquisition sequence, the better the	composed of pixels, resolution determined by ppi, size is vertical and horizontal dimensions of an image
1	0	image quality	- pixel's value is a measurement of a scene property over the source area. - the data captured is a noisy approximation of the world.	composed of pixels, resolution determined by ppi, size is vertical and horizontal dimensions of an image
2	1	binary tree	a tree data structure in which each node has at most two child nodes	a tree in which each parent can only have 2 child nodes, this tree does not have a specific order.
3	1	binary tree	a binary tree is a data structure in which each node stores data and has up to two children, known as a left child and a right child.	is a tree data structure in which each node has at most two children, which are referred to as the left child and right child
1	0	binary tree	this is a tree where each node has at most 2 children	a tree in which each parent can only have 2 child nodes, this tree does not have a specific order.
2	1	binary tree	a binary tree is a data structure in which each node stores data and has up to two children, known as a left child and a right child.	a data structure in which each node may point to a left child and a right child.
3	1	binary tree	a binary tree is a data structure in which each node stores data and has up to two children, known as a left child and a right child.	is a tree like data structure where every node has at most two children. there is one left and right child node.
3	1	binary tree	a type of list where each node has up to two children (left and right child)	is a tree like data structure where every node has at most two children. there is one left and right child node.
3	1	binary tree	a special kind of tree in which each node can have at most two children: they are distinguished as a left child and a right child	a tree where every node has two or fewer children. the children are usually called left and right.
2	1	binary tree	a special kind of tree in which each node can have at most two children: they are distinguished as a left child and a right child	an ordered tree in which every vertex has no more than two children, with each child designated as a left or right child. potentially empty.
3	1	binary tree	an m-ary tree with m = 2 (each child may be designated as a left or a right child of its parent)	a tree in which every nodes has no more than two children. one child is designated as left child while the other is the right child.
3	1	binary tree	this is a tree where each node has at most 2 children	a tree data structure in which each node has at most two child nodes
3	1	binary tree	is a tree data structure in which each node has at most two children, which are referred to as the left child and right child	is a tree like data structure where every node has at most two children. there is one left and right child node.
0	0	binary tree	an ordered tree in which every vertex has no more than two children, with each child designated as a left or right child. potentially empty.	has at most two children, called left child and right child.
3	1	binary tree	a data structure in which each node may point to a left child and a right child.	is a tree like data structure where every node has at most two children. there is one left and right child node.
3	1	binary tree	a binary tree is a data structure in which each node stores data and has up to two children, known as a left child and a right child.	a type of list where each node has up to two children (left and right child)
2	1	binary tree	an ordered tree in which every vertex has no more than two children, with each child designated as a left or right child. potentially empty.	a tree where every node has two or fewer children. the children are usually called left and right.
2	1	binary tree	a tree where each node can only have up to two nodes attached to it	dynamically allocated data structure with two child nodes
2	1	binary tree	a data structure in which each node may point to a left child and a right child.	a type of list where each node has up to two children (left and right child)
0	0	binary tree	special case of linked list where each node points to &gt;= 1 nodes	nonlinear linked list in which each node may point to 0, 1, or two other nodes. each node contains one or more data fields and two pointers.
3	1	tangible interfaces	a sensor-based interaction where physical objects are paired with a digital representation	- sensor-based interaction - person manipulates physical object - digital effects in response`
0	0	formal definition	paragraph development (broad) + that answers the question what is it (specific)	explains a term by the general category (genus)
0	0	formal definition	explains a term by the general category (genus)	explains a term by the quality that makes the term different from the others in the same category (differentia)
2	1	formal definition	explains a term by incorporating the term to be defined (species)	explains a term by the quality that makes the term different from the others in the same category (differentia)
1	0	formal definition	explains a term by incorporating the term to be defined (species)	explains a term by the general category (genus)
0	0	formal definition	explains a term by incorporating the term to be defined (species)	paragraph development (broad) + that answers the question what is it (specific)
0	0	formal definition	paragraph development (broad) + that answers the question what is it (specific)	explains a term by the quality that makes the term different from the others in the same category (differentia)
1	0	combinatorial explosion	a multiplicative growth. ex: if in a is introduced it has two possible states true or false. when b is introduced there are 4 possible states.	the number of states and the number of transitions grows very quickly as you model complex state machines - the achilles heel
0	0	combinatorial explosion	having too many rotatable bond results in	the number of states and the number of transitions grows very quickly as you model complex state machines - the achilles heel
0	0	combinatorial explosion	-form of duplication, exists when numerous pieces of code do the same thing using different combinations of data or behavior	the number of states and the number of transitions grows very quickly as you model complex state machines - the achilles heel
0	0	combinatorial explosion	-form of duplication, exists when numerous pieces of code do the same thing using different combinations of data or behavior	having too many rotatable bond results in
0	0	exception handling	mechanism used to improve a program's robustness	an error that might occur during the execution of a program
0	0	exception handling	exception handling is the process of responding to the occurrence, during computation, of exceptions.	a type of boundary use case; for each type of component failure, we decide how the system should react
2	1	exception handling	exception handling is a feature of oop, to handle unresolved exceptions or errors produced at runtime.	a set of techniques for handling errors in object-oriented programs.
2	1	exception handling	a set of techniques for handling errors in object-oriented programs.	the object-oriented techniques for managing errors.
1	0	exception handling	an error in programming that is &"thrown&" when something bad happens in a program, usually during runtime.	is necessary to capture the run-time error conditions by invoking a user-defined routine for graceful correction of the error condition or exit to avoid program crashes
2	1	exception handling	exception is an error that might occur during the execution of a program. example: try catch block	an error in programming that is &"thrown&" when something bad happens in a program, usually during runtime.
0	0	exception handling	exception handling is a feature of oop, to handle unresolved exceptions or errors produced at runtime.	the object-oriented techniques for managing errors.
0	0	exception handling	mechanism used to improve a program's robustness	technique used by most programming languages to intercept events that disrupt the normal flow of a program's execution
1	0	exception handling	exception is an error that might occur during the execution of a program. example: try catch block	is necessary to capture the run-time error conditions by invoking a user-defined routine for graceful correction of the error condition or exit to avoid program crashes
1	0	component analysis	used to determine which elements (i.e,. separable components) in a treatment package are necessary to maintain bx at acceptable levels.	to determine the effective components of an intervention package.
0	0	component analysis	experimental designs that combine multiple baseline, reversal, and/or alternating treatment tactics can also provide the basis for comparing the effects of two or more independent variables	an experiment designed to identify the active elements of a treatment condition, the relative contributions of different variables in a treatment package, or the necessary components of an intervention
1	0	component analysis	to determine the effective components of an intervention package.	an experiment designed to identify the active elements of a treatment condition, the relative contributions of different variables in a treatment package, or the necessary components of an intervention
3	1	high-level language	a programming language that is human readable and provides the programmer with easy to understand abstractions	a high level language is a programming language that is human readable (app inventor) and provides the programmer with easy to understand abstractions.
3	1	high-level language	a programming language like python that is designed to be easy for humans to read and write.	a programming language that is designed to be easy for humans to read &  write. e.g python, java
2	1	high-level language	a programming language whose concepts and structures are convenient for human reasoning. such languages are independent of the structures of computers and operating systems.	a programming language that falls somewhere between natural human languages and precise machine languages, developed to streamline and simplify the programming process
2	1	high-level language	language or code that is readily able to be written and read by humans; this language must be compiled or interpreted in order to be understood by the computer	any programming language that must be translated into machine code in order for the cpu to understand it
2	1	high-level language	third generation language; converted into binary by compilers and interpreters; users tell the computer what results they want and how to get there. examples: basic, cobal, fortran	closer to natural language and highly understood by human and require software or a set of program to translate a program code into machine code
0	0	high-level language	a programming language which provides convenient features for a programmer (such as variables, control statements and subroutine definitions (which may not exist in machine code)	closer to natural language and highly understood by human and require software or a set of program to translate a program code into machine code
0	0	high-level language	programming languages with unique rules (syntax) and can be written without regard of computer running it, it usually uses english words and phrases and easily recognizable symbols	contain english words and phrases, as well as easily recognized symbols.
2	1	high-level language	a programming language that is easier for humans to read, write, and parse, guaranteed to be unambiguous	a programming language that is designed to be easy for humans to read and write. (basic, fortran,cobol,c,c++,java, and python)
2	1	high-level language	a programming language that is human readable (python, c#, java, r) and provides the programmer with easy to understand variables.	an english-like programming language. examples include cobol, java, and basic.
3	1	high-level language	a programming language written in a more natural language that humans can read and understand	computer programming language closer to natural english.
2	1	high-level language	instructions are closer to natural language, use familiar words and symbols	contain english words and phrases, as well as easily recognized symbols.
2	1	high-level language	a computer language that is closer to human language and easier for us to use than low level or machine languages	platform independent language that can be run in multiple types of machines; english-like and easy to learn
0	0	high-level language	any programming language that must be translated into machine code in order for the cpu to understand it	uses command words and grammar based on human languages
1	0	high-level language	language or code that is readily able to be written and read by humans; this language must be compiled or interpreted in order to be understood by the computer	uses command words and grammar based on human languages
3	1	high-level language	easily portable, human-readable languages, must be translated into a format the computer can understand before execution.	language or code that is readily able to be written and read by humans; this language must be compiled or interpreted in order to be understood by the computer
1	0	high-level language	a programming language which provides convenient features for a programmer (such as variables, control statements and subroutine definitions (which may not exist in machine code)	a computer programming language in which each instruction or statement corresponds to several machine code instructions. it allows users to write in a notation with which they are relatively familiar.
2	1	high-level language	a programming language that allows a programmer to write instructions using human-like language.	a programming language that is designed to be easy for programmers to read, write and express solutions to problems
2	1	high-level language	provides program instruction closer to natural languages. basic, fortran, cobol, pascal, c c++, c#, and java are examples of this language	an english-like programming language. examples include cobol, java, and basic.
2	1	high-level language	a programming language that is designed to be easy for humans to read and write.	a programming language that is easier for humans to read, write, and parse, guaranteed to be unambiguous
1	0	high-level language	third generation language; converted into binary by compilers and interpreters; users tell the computer what results they want and how to get there. examples: basic, cobal, fortran	a programming language which provides convenient features for a programmer (such as variables, control statements and subroutine definitions (which may not exist in machine code)
3	1	key exchange	a method by which cryptographic keys are transferred between entities.	the process of sending and receiving secure cryptographic keys.
1	0	key exchange	the process of sending and receiving secure cryptographic keys. also the specific handshake setup between web browser and web server	when two sides cooperate to exchange a session key
1	0	data gathering	several video cameras and direct logging of application problems: synchronisation, and sheer volume solution: record from each perspective	any technique used to get information about something and getting more data is almost always a good choice. used across all processes groups
0	0	data gathering	to collect sufficient, accurate, and relevant data so that a set of stable requirements can be produced	any technique used to get information about something and getting more data is almost always a good choice. used across all processes groups
1	0	data gathering	to collect sufficient, accurate, and relevant data so that a set of stable requirements can be produced	collections of data is imperative.
1	0	data gathering	the process of collecting facts and figures	any technique used to get information about something and getting more data is almost always a good choice. used across all processes groups
1	0	data gathering	to collect sufficient, accurate, and relevant data so that a set of stable requirements can be produced	the process of collecting facts and figures
0	0	data gathering	collections of data is imperative.	any technique used to get information about something and getting more data is almost always a good choice. used across all processes groups
0	0	data gathering	collections of data is imperative.	usually the first step in reverse engineering where raw data is used to identify subject system's artifacts and relationships
0	0	data gathering	usually the first step in reverse engineering where raw data is used to identify subject system's artifacts and relationships	the process of collecting facts and figures
1	0	data gathering	collections of data is imperative.	the process of collecting facts and figures
0	0	data gathering	usually the first step in reverse engineering where raw data is used to identify subject system's artifacts and relationships	any technique used to get information about something and getting more data is almost always a good choice. used across all processes groups
0	0	data gathering	several video cameras and direct logging of application problems: synchronisation, and sheer volume solution: record from each perspective	the process of collecting facts and figures
3	1	address space	-set of addresses to access memory -typically, linear and sequential -0 to n-1 (for size n) -text -&gt; data -&gt; stack	- set of addresses to access memory - usually linear and sequential
2	1	address space	abstraction of memory  each process has set of addresses that map to bytes	abstraction for the virtualization of memory   each process has a set of addresses that map to bytes  has static and dynamic components
0	0	address space	- set of logical/virtual addresses a process can reference  logical/virtual address space: 0-5000 (or however long) physical address space: mapped anywhere in physical address space (tend to be continuous)	a portion of memory that stores the (code) instructions, global variables and stacks of an executing program
1	0	address space	the set of addresses in memory that a process can use.	the set of addresses that a process can use to address memory. each process has its own address space, independent of those belonging to other processes.
0	0	address space	the part of the computer's memory where the program is running.	a running programs (abstract) view of memory (stack, free, heap, program code/data)
3	1	address space	region of memory that a process is allocated when it is executed.	a portion of memory that stores the (code) instructions, global variables and stacks of an executing program
0	0	address space	memory that can be addressed by a program. each program is compiled into its own address space.	a running programs (abstract) view of memory (stack, free, heap, program code/data)
0	0	data point	a single point of information that is gathered by counting, measuring, questioning, or observing.	an individually measured value of the target behavior (the dv) at a given point in time
0	0	data point	a point on a graph showing the location of a piece of data.	a point on a line graph that represents one value
0	0	data point	an individually measured value of the target behavior (the dv) at a given point in time	small geometric forms, such as circles, squares, or triangles, are used to represent the occurrence of the target behavior during a time segment.
2	1	data point	individual piece of data plotted in a chart/graph	an individual item of data
1	0	data point	a single fact or piece of information	observation/record of (perhaps multiple) measurements for a single member of a population or data set. in the standard tabular format, a row of data.
0	0	data point	a single point of information that is gathered by counting, measuring, questioning, or observing.	small geometric forms, such as circles, squares, or triangles, are used to represent the occurrence of the target behavior during a time segment.
0	0	storage devices	primary storage devices include the computer's hard drive. secondary storage devices include cd-roms and flash drives.	portable hard drive, flash drive, tape drive, cloud, etc.
0	0	storage devices	primary storage devices include the computer's hard drive. secondary storage devices include cd-roms and flash drives.	hold data; ex: hard drive, cd-roms flash drives
2	1	storage devices	portable hard drive, flash drive, tape drive, cloud, etc.	hold data; ex: hard drive, cd-roms flash drives
2	1	storage devices	stores data and programs when the machine is turned off	stores information and instructions (programs) over the long term.   maintains information when the machine is turned off.
3	1	storage devices	the hardware components that read and write data to and from storage media.	hardware that reads data and programs from storage media. most also write to storage
3	1	storage devices	a piece of computer equipment on which information can be stored	hardware where computer information can be stored (e.g., thumb or jump drive)
2	1	basic operations	selection, projection, cartesian product, union, set difference	-selection -projection -cross-product -set-difference -union -rename -intersection, join, division, assignment
2	1	software testing	show that a program does what it is intended to do and to discover program defects before put into use	intended to show that program does what is is intended to do and meets its requirements; and to discover program defects(bugs) before it is put to use.
3	1	software testing	a set of activities conducted with the intent of finding errors in software.	software testing is a set of activities conducted with the intention of finding error in a software.
2	1	software testing	simulating the final design of an application in order to ensure that the development is progressing as expected is referred to as:	is the process of validating and verifying a software product meets the business and technical requirements that guided it's design and development.
3	1	software testing	the process of finding bugs in software and verify/validate if the software works properly. detect the defect.	process of detecting software failures, bugs, and or detects to help verify and that the software is working properly.
1	0	software testing	an assessment of the software to determine its level of quality and conformance to requirements.	verifies that the implementation matches the requirements of the system
3	1	software testing	the process of detecting software failures, bugs and or defects to help verify and validate that the software is working properly (does what it's supposed to do).	process of detecting software failures, bugs, and or detects to help verify and that the software is working properly.
3	1	software testing	the process of detecting software failures, bugs and or defects to help verify and validate that the software is working properly (does what it's supposed to do).	the process of finding bugs in software and verify/validate if the software works properly. detect the defect.
1	0	software testing	concerned with exercising and observing product behaviour (dynamic verification)	the dynamic verification of the behavior of a program on a finite set of test cases, suitably selected from the usually infinite execution domains, against the expected behavior.
1	0	software testing	the process of executing a program with data sets designed to discover errors	a systematic attempt to reveal errors in software by running test programs or scripts (interactively or automated)
3	1	tree structure	a style of depiction often used to indicate hierarchical relationships, such as the relationships (specified by phrase structure rules) among the words in a phrase or sentence	a style of depiction often used to indicate hierarchical relationships, such as the relationships among the words in a phrase or sentence
0	0	tree structure	• it's your standard binary search tree: - sorted by key - smaller values to the left - larger ones to the right.	the type of computer filing done that appears like that of a family tree
1	0	tree structure	allow directories to refer to other directories in addition to referring to files	the type of computer filing done that appears like that of a family tree
2	1	term frequency	more frequent within a document ---&gt; more relevant to semantics	how many times the world appears in current document- higher is better.
0	0	term frequency	more frequent within a document ---&gt; more relevant to semantics	prioritizing the lesser word use tf* idf (inverse document frequency)
2	1	web page	a document stored on the world wide web.	contains information that is displayed by a web browser
1	0	web page	is the basic unit of the world wide web, an organizational structure that includes a large part of what is offered on the internet.	can contain text, graphics, animation, audio, and video. additionally, web pages usually have built-in connections to other documents.
2	1	web page	what the html displays a document as	it is usually written in the hypertext markup language (html), and can be accessed by a url address on the internet or other network using an internet browser.
1	0	web page	a text document written in html	text document created with embedded html codes that provide formatting for the page and hypertext links to other pages html - hypertext markup language
0	0	web page	is the basic unit of the world wide web, an organizational structure that includes a large part of what is offered on the internet.	document on the world wide web that can include text, sound, pictures, and video.
1	0	web page	a document on the world wide web consisting of an html file and any related files for scripts and graphics, and often hyperlinked to other documents on the web.	pages that make up the world wide web. these documents are written in html (hypertext markup language) and are translated by your web browser.
2	1	web page	linked documents of pages of information. they can contain images, text, interactive elements, and hyper links.	electronic document on the web that can contain text, graphical images, video and sound as well as links to other pages
2	1	web page	a single page in the &"book&" a file written in html that is usually published on a web server  a hypertext document connected to the world wide web	contains information that is displayed by a web browser
1	0	web page	a document that is written in hypertext markup language (html) and forms the basis for the world wide web	text document created with embedded html codes that provide formatting for the page and hypertext links to other pages html - hypertext markup language
1	0	web page	linked documents, or pages of information, on the web.	a document that can be viewed by a web browser, usually written in html
2	1	web page	a single digital page on the world wide web that is part of a web site.	one page on a web site.
3	1	web page	consists of objects: html file, jpeg, java applet, audio. consists of base html-file which contain referenced objects. object is addressable by a url.	-consists of objects (i.e. html file, jpeg image)  -web page consists of base html-file which includes several referenced objects  -each object is addressable by a url
3	1	web page	a single, usually hypertext document on the world wide web that can incorporate text, graphics, sounds, etc.	document on the world wide web that can include text, sound, pictures, and video.
1	0	web page	a single, usually hypertext document on the world wide web that can incorporate text, graphics, sounds, etc.	is the basic unit of the world wide web, an organizational structure that includes a large part of what is offered on the internet.
1	0	web page	linked documents of pages of information. they can contain images, text, interactive elements, and hyper links.	a file with a unique name and is the basic component of the web.
3	1	web page	an electronic document which can be accessed through a web browser	is a digital document that is accessible through the internet using a web browser.
2	1	web page	browsers interpret html documents to display web pages.	it is usually written in the hypertext markup language (html), and can be accessed by a url address on the internet or other network using an internet browser.
1	0	web page	browsers interpret html documents to display web pages.	what the html displays a document as
2	1	web page	a file with a unique name and is the basic component of the web.	electronic document on the web that can contain text, graphical images, video and sound as well as links to other pages
1	0	web page	a document that is written in hypertext markup language (html) and forms the basis for the world wide web	a text document written in html
3	1	web page	a document on the world wide web consisting of an html file and any related files for scripts and graphics, and often hyperlinked to other documents on the web.	text document created with embedded html codes that provide formatting for the page and hypertext links to other pages html - hypertext markup language
1	0	web page	based on an html source document that is stored as a file on a web server	a document that contains or references various kinds of data based on a html source document.
2	1	web page	a document on the world wide web consisting of an html file and any related files for scripts and graphics, and often hyperlinked to other documents on the web.	a text document written in html
1	0	web page	linked documents, or pages of information, on the web.	documents written in html that make up the web.
2	1	web page	information displayed by a web browser that's produced from an html document or generated on the fly from data in a database.	a document that contains or references various kinds of data based on a html source document.
0	0	web page	a single page from a website that has its own unique address	one page on a web site.
2	1	web page	information displayed by a web browser that's produced from an html document or generated on the fly from data in a database.	based on an html source document that is stored as a file on a web server
2	1	web page	documents written in html that make up the web.	a document that can be viewed by a web browser, usually written in html
2	1	web page	a document encoded in html that is created transmitted, and used using the www	a document or page on the www designed with html or other www languages
2	1	web page	a single digital page on the world wide web that is part of a web site.	a single page from a website that has its own unique address
0	0	web page	how the browser interprets and displays the html formatting instructions	it is usually written in the hypertext markup language (html), and can be accessed by a url address on the internet or other network using an internet browser.
3	1	software evolution	the stage in a software system's life cycle where it is in operational use and is evolving as new requirements are proposed and implemented in the system.	software is in operational use and is evolving as new requirements are proposed and implemented
1	0	software evolution	as requirements change through changing business circumstances, the software that supports the business must also evolve and change.	- the software must evolve to meet changing customer needs. - as requirements change through changing business circumstances. -although there has been a demarcation (separation) between development and evolution (maintenance)
3	1	software evolution	changing the system in response to changing customer's needs	modifying or changing the software to meet changing customer needs
2	1	software evolution	takes place when you change existing software systems to meet new requirements and the software must evolve to remain useful	new requirements emerge when software is used business environemnts also change software must be evolved to meet these changes
3	1	software evolution	where software is modified as needs/requirements change	where the software is modified to reflect changing customer and market requirements
2	1	software evolution	takes place when you change existing software systems to meet new requirements and the software must evolve to remain useful	the software must evolve to meet changing customer needs.
0	0	software evolution	the flexibility of software systems is one of the main reasons why more and more software is being incorporated in large, complex systems	software is in operational use and is evolving as new requirements are proposed and implemented
1	0	computer architecture	- technology - programming languages - history - operating systems - applications	john von developed idea of a stored program computer-idea was to hold programs and data in a memory
0	0	computer architecture	the organization of components making up a computer system and the semantics or meaning of the operations that guide its function	refers to the way in which computers are designed, with a focus on the central processing unit (cpu) and how it functions internally and accesses memory
1	0	computer architecture	- technology - programming languages - history - operating systems - applications	the organization of components making up a computer system and the semantics or meaning of the operations that guide its function
0	0	computer architecture	- technology - programming languages - history - operating systems - applications	refers to the way in which computers are designed, with a focus on the central processing unit (cpu) and how it functions internally and accesses memory
2	1	computer architecture	is a specification detailing how a set of software and hardware technology standards interact to form a computer system or platform.	- instruction set architecture - computer organization - computer hardware
3	1	computer architecture	architecture of a single computer system or a group of cooperating computer systems	architecture of a single computer system or multiple systems
0	0	computer architecture	the selection and interconnection of hardware components to create computers that meet functional, performance, and cost goals	john von developed idea of a stored program computer-idea was to hold programs and data in a memory
0	0	computer architecture	relates to the way circuit boards and processors are designed and defined (cpu most significant)	refers to the way in which computers are designed, with a focus on the central processing unit (cpu) and how it functions internally and accesses memory
0	0	computer architecture	- technology - programming languages - history - operating systems - applications	relates to the way circuit boards and processors are designed and defined (cpu most significant)
0	0	computer architecture	the selection and interconnection of hardware components to create computers that meet functional, performance, and cost goals	refers to the way in which computers are designed, with a focus on the central processing unit (cpu) and how it functions internally and accesses memory
0	0	computer architecture	the organization of components making up a computer system and the semantics or meaning of the operations that guide its function	john von developed idea of a stored program computer-idea was to hold programs and data in a memory
0	0	computer architecture	the selection and interconnection of hardware components to create computers that meet functional, performance, and cost goals	relates to the way circuit boards and processors are designed and defined (cpu most significant)
0	0	computer architecture	the selection and interconnection of hardware components to create computers that meet functional, performance, and cost goals	the organization of components making up a computer system and the semantics or meaning of the operations that guide its function
1	0	computer architecture	john von developed idea of a stored program computer-idea was to hold programs and data in a memory	refers to the way in which computers are designed, with a focus on the central processing unit (cpu) and how it functions internally and accesses memory
0	0	computer architecture	the selection and interconnection of hardware components to create computers that meet functional, performance, and cost goals	- technology - programming languages - history - operating systems - applications
1	0	sample size	number of subjects in experiment (larger number increases reliability)	number of observations (cases, participants, etc.) included in selection of items to be studied
0	0	sample size	aspect of replication, number of units of something being studied/tested	number of observations (cases, participants, etc.) included in selection of items to be studied
0	0	sample size	aspect of replication, number of units of something being studied/tested	a quantity of randomly selected observations of process outputs
1	0	sample size	number of participants (people, plants, rats, etc.)	the number of subjects used in an experiment or study. generally, the larger the better.  improves quality
2	1	sample size	number of subjects used in an experiment or study; larger the sample size, the greater the power	total number of observations on determinations of statistical significance
0	0	sample size	when large sample size is used, taking the average of all data eliminates the effects of random outliers	a quantity of randomly selected observations of process outputs
0	0	sample size	observational study that represents the population in attempt to learn something about the population	typically relates to amount of people that are given a questionnaire/survey. if the sample size is larger then there is more confidence in the results.
2	1	sample size	number of experimental subjects being tested in an experiment, always use 100 or more	number of samples used or observations made in an experiment.
0	0	sample size	number of observations (cases, participants, etc.) included in selection of items to be studied	the number of time periods over which we observe the variables of interest
2	1	sample size	total number of things in the sample	the number of elements to be included in a study
1	0	sample size	observational study that represents the population in attempt to learn something about the population	amount of people that are given a questionnaire
0	0	sample size	the number of time periods over which we observe the variables of interest	the number of subjects used in an experiment or study (generally, the larger the better)
0	0	sample size	representative, participant availability (access to population), cost (money/time), timeframes, attrition (dropouts)	representative of population of interest, participant availability
1	0	sample size	the number of things or people to be studied in a test	number of samples used or observations made in an experiment.
1	0	sample size	the number of samples tested	number of samples or independent observations
1	0	sample size	number of subjects in experiment (larger number increases reliability)	a quantity of randomly selected observations of process outputs
2	1	sample size	the number of individuals in a sample. showed with n	(n) the number of subjects used in an experiment or study
0	0	sample size	the number of people in a sample	the number of sampling units  - the number of samples being tested for each treatment
1	0	sample size	number of observations (cases, participants, etc.) included in selection of items to be studied	the number of subjects used in an experiment or study (generally, the larger the better)
1	0	sample size	number of people or elements from whom or on which data are collected.	number of people asked a statistical question
3	1	sample size	the number of people in a sample	the number of individuals in a sample, represented by &"n&"
3	1	sample size	the number of individuals in a sample. showed with n	the number of things or people to be studied in a test
1	0	sample size	the number of individuals in a sample. showed with n	number of samples used or observations made in an experiment.
2	1	sample size	the number of subjects used in an experiment or study. generally, the larger the better.  improves quality	number of participants  need to be large enough (usually 30) so that the experiment picks up an effect
0	0	sample size	when large sample size is used, taking the average of all data eliminates the effects of random outliers	the number of subjects used in an experiment or study (generally, the larger the better)
1	0	sample size	number of data points in the study	number of subjects in an experiment or study; as this increases, confidence interval increases
0	0	sample size	aspect of replication, number of units of something being studied/tested	when large sample size is used, taking the average of all data eliminates the effects of random outliers
2	1	sample size	number of observations (cases, participants, etc.) included in selection of items to be studied	a quantity of randomly selected observations of process outputs
1	0	sample size	refers to the number of subjects in each group (the n).	the number of observations in a sample.
2	1	sample size	number of people or elements from whom or on which data are collected.	number of observations or data points collected e.g. 55 people were given questionnaires; sample size = 55.
0	0	sample size	number of subjects in experiment (larger number increases reliability)	when large sample size is used, taking the average of all data eliminates the effects of random outliers
1	0	sample size	aspect of replication, number of units of something being studied/tested	number of subjects in experiment (larger number increases reliability)
1	0	sample size	number of subjects used in an experiment or study; larger the sample size, the greater the power	the total number of observations
2	1	sample size	(n) the number of subjects used in an experiment or study	number of samples used or observations made in an experiment.
0	0	sample size	number of experimental subjects being tested in an experiment, always use 100 or more	important when conducting an experiment on groups of subjects
0	0	sample size	number of observations (cases, participants, etc.) included in selection of items to be studied	when large sample size is used, taking the average of all data eliminates the effects of random outliers
1	0	sample size	large samples produce less error than small ones (but with diminishing returns)	- small samples are more easily affected by chance (error)
0	0	sample size	the number of individuals in a sample. showed with n	important when conducting an experiment on groups of subjects
2	1	sample size	the number of things or people to be studied in a test	number of experimental subjects being tested in an experiment, always use 100 or more
0	0	sample size	number of subjects in experiment (larger number increases reliability)	the number of time periods over which we observe the variables of interest
1	0	sample size	aspect of replication, number of units of something being studied/tested	the number of time periods over which we observe the variables of interest
0	0	sample size	a quantity of randomly selected observations of process outputs	the number of time periods over which we observe the variables of interest
1	0	sample size	number of bits per sample - also known as bit depth.	the total number of bits available for each audio sample.
1	0	sample size	the number of observations in a given sample. dr. goldberger's prison experiment only had an 11 person sample size. the greater the sample size, the more reliable the data.	refers to the number of subjects in each group (the n).
1	0	sample size	the number of subjects used in an experiment or study. generally, the larger the better.  improves quality	number of participants
1	0	sample size	the number of observations in a given sample. dr. goldberger's prison experiment only had an 11 person sample size. the greater the sample size, the more reliable the data.	the number of observations in a sample.
1	0	sample size	aspect of replication, number of units of something being studied/tested	the number of subjects used in an experiment or study (generally, the larger the better)
2	1	sample size	the number of subjects used in an experiment or study. representativeness increases with this, and it is much more important than population size	how large the population being sampled is
2	1	sample size	population must be large enough to determine if there is a true difference in effectiveness between the treatment and comparison groups	need a large sample size so that there is statistical power  many trials have erroneously null results because their sample size was too small
2	1	sample size	smaller subgroup of people that you have chosen to represent the population. the actual test group.	population must be large enough to determine if there is a true difference in effectiveness between the treatment and comparison groups
2	1	sample size	n, number of subjects	the number of subjects, is another important part of experimental design.
3	1	sample size	the number of subjects used in an experiment or study. generally, the larger the better.  improves quality	number of participants, usually 30 or more. larger is preferred. larger sample size increases the power of an experiment
0	0	sample size	- refers to the number of things in a group that we are evaluating  - smaller sample is more likely to have variability	refers to the number of things in a group (set) that we are evaluating; matters to the accuracy of the estimate -- the smaller it is, the more accurate
0	0	sample size	(n) the number of subjects used in an experiment or study	important when conducting an experiment on groups of subjects
1	0	sample size	the number of things or people to be studied in a test	(n) the number of subjects used in an experiment or study
2	1	sample size	number of observations or data points collected e.g. 55 people were given questionnaires; sample size = 55.	number of people asked a statistical question
0	0	sample size	how large the population being sampled is	the minimum number of subjects to accurately portray a population
3	1	sample size	the number of members of the population selected to be part of the sample	when selecting a random sample , the number of members of the population selected to be in the sample is called sample size
0	0	sample size	a quantity of randomly selected observations of process outputs	the number of subjects used in an experiment or study (generally, the larger the better)
1	0	sample size	larger sample size gives greater power	calculation should be performed in order to inform researchers of how many subjects are necessary to adequately answer the research question
1	0	sample size	the number of individuals in a sample, represented by &"n&"	the number of sampling units  - the number of samples being tested for each treatment
1	0	sample size	the sample size is an important feature of any empirical study in which the goal is to make inferences about a population from a sample.	total number of observations on determinations of statistical significance
3	1	sample size	number of subjects in experiment (larger number increases reliability)	the number of subjects used in an experiment or study (generally, the larger the better)
0	0	speech recognition	single user or limited vocabulary systems open use, limited vocabulary systems can work satisfactorily	computer system that can process spoken language and understand its meaning.
1	0	speech recognition	software that recognize the words being said by the person dictating and converts speech to text	- primarily identifying words - improving all the time
1	0	speech recognition	spoken words are recognised and shown on a screen, input into a word processor or used in other application.	performs commands or types text based on words spoken into a microphone.
1	0	speech recognition	uses microphones converts speech pattern into digital form digital image is broken up into phonemes which are compared to words stored in the built in dictionary.	the process by which computers recognize voice patterns and words, and then convert them to digital data
2	1	speech recognition	the ability of a computer to convert spoken words from a user into usable data.	spoken words are recognised and shown on a screen, input into a word processor or used in other application.
0	0	speech recognition	this is the ability of a machine or a program to identify words and phrases in spoken language and convert them to a machine-readable format.	- primarily identifying words - improving all the time
1	0	speech recognition	this is the ability of a machine or a program to identify words and phrases in spoken language and convert them to a machine-readable format.	software that recognize the words being said by the person dictating and converts speech to text
1	0	speech recognition	technology that converts speech into text	convert sound into input, based on context (example of a physiological interface)
0	0	speech recognition	- primarily identifying words - improving all the time	technology that translates speech to text.the text must be edited as software may misunderstand words
2	1	speech recognition	this is the ability of a machine or a program to identify words and phrases in spoken language and convert them to a machine-readable format.	technology that translates speech to text.the text must be edited as software may misunderstand words
3	1	speech recognition	technology that enables you to control a device without a keyboard by using voice commands.	performs commands or types text based on words spoken into a microphone.
2	1	cell phones	fastest growing comm medium of all time, combining multiple forms of e-media into one device and changing cultural norms to shared interest interaction instead of physical proximity interaction	mobile phone whose hardware components and software are managed by a mobile operating system. access to internet, equipped with touchscreens that enable users to interact with what is displayed.
1	0	cell phones	fastest growing comm medium of all time, combining multiple forms of e-media into one device and changing cultural norms to shared interest interaction instead of physical proximity interaction	this a telephone with access to a cellular radio system so it can be used over a wide area, without a physical connection to a network.
1	0	cell phones	this a telephone with access to a cellular radio system so it can be used over a wide area, without a physical connection to a network.	mobile phone whose hardware components and software are managed by a mobile operating system. access to internet, equipped with touchscreens that enable users to interact with what is displayed.
0	0	sensitivity analysis	percentage chance in npv resulting from a given percentage change in an input variable, there things held constant	-measures the effect of changes in a variable on projects npv -all variables must be fixed at expected value, besides variable in question
1	0	sensitivity analysis	study of the impact on other variables when one variable is changing repeatedly - special case of what-if analysis	-special case of what if analysis  -what happens to one variable when another is changed repeatedly
2	1	sensitivity analysis	(postoptimality analysis) the study of how sensitive solutions are to parameter changes	techniques that examines how the optimal solution to a linear programming problem changes as the problem data are modified.
2	1	sensitivity analysis	analysis that shows the range of possible outcomes as underlying assumptions are altered	measures impact of changing just one assumption
2	1	sensitivity analysis	(postoptimality analysis) the study of how sensitive solutions are to parameter changes	the study of how changes in the coefficients of a linear programming problem affect the optimal solution
1	0	sensitivity analysis	analysis that shows the range of possible outcomes as underlying assumptions are altered	develops a range of possible outcomes as &"specific inputs&" are changed one at a time.   also known as &"what-if&" analysis.
2	1	sensitivity analysis	used to determine the robustness of any given alternative; slight changes in the parameters should ideally lead to slight or no changes in the alternative chosen.	attempts to assess the impact of a change in the input data or parameters on the proposed solution (i.e. the result variable).
3	1	sensitivity analysis	how changes in 1 or more input impact value of 1 or more outcome	seeing how changes in one or more input variables impact the value of one or more outcome variables
1	0	sensitivity analysis	techniques that examines how the optimal solution to a linear programming problem changes as the problem data are modified.	the study of how changes in the coefficients of a linear programming problem affect the optimal solution
3	1	sensitivity analysis	shows the range of possible outcomes as specific assumptions are changed	analysis that shows the range of possible outcomes as underlying assumptions are altered
0	0	sensitivity analysis	what happens to npv when we change one varaible at a time	-measures the effect of changes in a variable on projects npv -all variables must be fixed at expected value, besides variable in question
3	1	sensitivity analysis	shows how changes in an input variable affect npv, when all the other factors are held constant.  (it answers what if questions)	-measures the effect of changes in a variable on projects npv -all variables must be fixed at expected value, besides variable in question
3	1	sensitivity analysis	determines the effect of changes in parameter values of the objective function and constraint equations on the optimal solution	determines the effect on the optimal solution of changes in parameter values of the objective function and constraint equations
0	0	sensitivity analysis	the analysis of the effect of parameter changes on the optimal solution	he study of how sensitive an optimal solution is to model assumptions and to data changes. it is often referred to as post optimality analysis.
3	1	sensitivity analysis	a determination of how solutions change based upon changes in mathematical model or input data.	determines how much the results will change if the model or input data changes
3	1	sensitivity analysis	determines how much the results will change if the model or input data changes	determines how much the solution will change if there were changes in the model of the input data. (postoptimality analysis)
1	0	sensitivity analysis	optimal solutions to lp problems thus far have been found under deterministic assumptions real world solutions are dynamic (nothing is for sure) involves a series of what-ifs	a procedure that allows us to answer questions such as those posted above, using the current optimal solution itself, without having to resolve the lp model each time
3	1	sensitivity analysis	what happens to npv when we change one varaible at a time	shows how changes in an input variable affect npv, when all the other factors are held constant.  (it answers what if questions)
2	1	sensitivity analysis	develops a range of possible outcomes as &"specific inputs&" are changed one at a time.   also known as &"what-if&" analysis.	measures impact of changing just one assumption
3	1	sensitivity analysis	a determination of how solutions change based upon changes in mathematical model or input data.	determines how much the solution will change if there were changes in the model of the input data. (postoptimality analysis)
2	1	sensitivity analysis	percentage chance in npv resulting from a given percentage change in an input variable, there things held constant	what happens to npv when we change one varaible at a time
2	1	sensitivity analysis	shows how changes in an input variable affect npv, when all the other factors are held constant.  (it answers what if questions)	percentage change in npv resulting from given change in an input variable
0	0	sensitivity analysis	shows the range of possible outcomes as specific assumptions are changed	measures impact of changing just one assumption
2	1	sensitivity analysis	shows range of possible outcomes as specific assumptions are changed; this could influence financing needs or investment in fixed assets	used to evaluate the risk associated with a given investment and assesses the impact of different variables on an investment's returns. (changing the variables)
3	1	main memory	cpu reads data from memory and then stores the results as computations in the main memory; sometimes called ram from random access memory	cpu reads data and instructions from memory and then stores results of computations in main memory.
1	0	main memory	the computers work area commonly known as ram volatile type of memory	the cpu works in conjuction with this; also called ram (random access memory)
0	0	main memory	where data is stored when it's being used any form of memory directly accessible by the cpu (except cache and registers) ram	the computers work area commonly known as ram volatile type of memory
3	1	main memory	-list of locations, each containing one byte of data -each location has an associated &"number&" (e.g., its address) -is byte addressable -also called random access memory (ram	list of locations each containing one byte each location has an associated &"number&" (address) is byte addressable also called ram
1	0	main memory	storage for running programs and current data	computer's work area stores the program running as well as data aka ram data quickly accessed  volatile type of memory used for temp storage erased when computer is off
2	1	main memory	takes in info when the cpu reads data and instructions from memory and then stores the results of computations	cpu reads data and instructions from memory and then stores results of computations in main memory.
1	0	main memory	where computer stores a program while program is running, and data used by the program - known as ram (random access memory) - volatile memory (temporary)	solid state temporary store of data and programs which are currently in use, includes ram, rom and cache
2	1	main memory	where data is stored when it's being used any form of memory directly accessible by the cpu (except cache and registers) ram	commonly referred to as random-access memory or ram. it is called this because the cpu is able to quickly access data stored at any random location in ram.
3	1	main memory	data, programs, store in main memory analogous to a blackboard, can be erased	stores data and commands that are currently being used. this memory is volatile
1	0	main memory	memory that temporarily stores information while it is being sent to the cpu, also called random access memory (ram)	the cpu works in conjuction with this; also called ram (random access memory)
3	1	main memory	where data is stored when it's being used any form of memory directly accessible by the cpu (except cache and registers) ram	the cpu works in conjuction with this; also called ram (random access memory)
2	1	main memory	memory locations containing the running program ( ram)	solid state temporary store of data and programs which are currently in use, includes ram, rom and cache
1	0	main memory	-128k bytes -directly address using 16 address bits	list of locations each containing one byte each location has an associated &"number&" (address) is byte addressable also called ram
2	1	main memory	primary storage area for programs and data that are in active use  synonymous with ram	location where data currently being worked on is stored
2	1	main memory	the computer hardware integrated circuits that store information for immediate use in a computer; it is synonymous with the term &"primary storage&"	primary storage area for programs and data that are in active use  synonymous with ram
1	0	main memory	where the computer stores the data and commands that are currently being used.	data, programs, store in main memory analogous to a blackboard, can be erased
2	1	main memory	commonly referred to as random-access memory or ram. it is called this because the cpu is able to quickly access data stored at any random location in ram.	memory that temporarily stores information while it is being sent to the cpu, also called random access memory (ram)
2	1	main memory	(ram) computer's work area, stores a program while the program is running  volatile	list of memory locations containing the running program can change during program execution
2	1	main memory	where data is stored when it's being used any form of memory directly accessible by the cpu (except cache and registers) ram	is the computers work area. when we go to program, a load into the main memory, also known as random access memory (ram)
2	1	main memory	memory that temporarily stores information while it is being sent to the cpu, also called random access memory (ram)	the computers work area commonly known as ram volatile type of memory
0	0	main memory	the cpu works in conjuction with this; also called ram (random access memory)	is the computers work area. when we go to program, a load into the main memory, also known as random access memory (ram)
0	0	main memory	solid state temporary store of data and programs which are currently in use, includes ram, rom and cache	list of memory locations containing the running program can change during program execution
0	0	main memory	commonly referred to as random-access memory or ram. it is called this because the cpu is able to quickly access data stored at any random location in ram.	the computers work area commonly known as ram volatile type of memory
2	1	main memory	primary storage area for programs and data that are in active use  synonymous with ram	only large storage media that the cpu can access directly random access typically volatile
1	0	main memory	unit that works directly with cpu, and within which the data and instructions must reside in order for processing to occur. (aka ram)	- stores data and information and is usually volatile  - access can take many cycles, causing a stall - program must be brought from disk into memory
0	0	main memory	-list of locations, each containing one byte of data -each location has an associated &"number&" (e.g., its address) -is byte addressable -also called random access memory (ram	-128k bytes -directly address using 16 address bits
0	0	main memory	relatively large, fast memory used for program and data storage during execution technology: dram (dynamic random access memory)	illusion: each has own space. contiguous memory locations. reality: memory divided into pages in physical memory or disk. swaps them out. multiple processes share physical memory.
2	1	main memory	memory locations containing the running program ( ram)	(ram) computer's work area, stores a program while the program is running  volatile
1	0	main memory	stores data &  programs, volatile, cpu reads instructions, data &  stores result in	cpu reads data and instructions from memory and then stores results of computations in main memory.
2	1	main memory	memory that works in conjunction with the cpu. stores data and instructions read by the cpu and stores the results of the cpu's computations.	takes in info when the cpu reads data and instructions from memory and then stores the results of computations
1	0	main memory	commonly referred to as random-access memory or ram. it is called this because the cpu is able to quickly access data stored at any random location in ram.	is the computers work area. when we go to program, a load into the main memory, also known as random access memory (ram)
2	1	main memory	takes in info when the cpu reads data and instructions from memory and then stores the results of computations	stores data &  programs, volatile, cpu reads instructions, data &  stores result in
2	1	main memory	the computer hardware integrated circuits that store information for immediate use in a computer; it is synonymous with the term &"primary storage&"	location where data currently being worked on is stored
1	0	main memory	where computer stores a program while program is running, and data used by the program - known as ram (random access memory) - volatile memory (temporary)	list of memory locations containing the running program can change during program execution
2	1	main memory	where data is stored when it's being used any form of memory directly accessible by the cpu (except cache and registers) ram	memory that temporarily stores information while it is being sent to the cpu, also called random access memory (ram)
2	1	main memory	unit that works directly with cpu, and within which the data and instructions must reside in order for processing to occur. (aka ram)	stores data and information and is usually volatile; its contents are lost when electrical power is turned off. it plays a major role in a computer's performance.
2	1	source program	the text files containing the written code of the program	a program written in a high-level programming language
2	1	source program	the text files containing the written code of the program	a file consisting of a program's statements in c++ or another programming language.
0	0	source program	program written in assembly language	the original program as written by the programmer
0	0	source program	the text files containing the written code of the program	program written in a lang form which statements are translated into machine lang; comp programming has developed in &"gens&"
1	0	source program	a computer program in the form that it was written by a programmer, prior to its translation into ones and zeroes for execution by a computer. (compare object program)	the original program as written by the programmer
2	1	source program	program written in a lang form which statements are translated into machine lang; comp programming has developed in &"gens&"	a file consisting of a program's statements in c++ or another programming language.
1	0	source program	a program written in a high-level programming language	program written in a lang form which statements are translated into machine lang; comp programming has developed in &"gens&"
1	0	program analysis	primary spaces plus supporting spaces, determining space needs, functional spaces and square footage, people accommodating spaces and activity performed.	- determining space needs - task and activity analysis - code analysis - accessibility - rules, regulations, and standards for leased buildings - building systems review
0	0	program analysis	1.) assertion  2.) efficiency	- program correctness - assertions - precondition -efficiency
2	1	social media	electronic media that allows people with similar interests to participate in a social network	highly accessible web-based media that allow the sharing of information between individuals and groups have emerged as the most significant form of consumer control over information creation and communication.
1	0	social media	refers to the forms of communication through virtual networks and communities, in which users share and exchange information and ideas.	content that is created, shared, and commented on by a broader community of users.
3	1	social media	has brought about significant changes in the way people keep in touch and manage their social lives.	has revolutionized way people communicate and social on the web.
3	1	social media	a collection of tools that enable users to create user-generated content, network, and share.	websites that enable you to create user-generated content, connect, network, and share.
1	0	social media	websites that enable people to communicate with each other	websites that enable you to create user-generated content, connect, network, and share.
1	0	social media	subset of new media that has dominates the mass media landscape in recent years  internet based applications that allows creation and exchange if user generated context	highly accessible web-based media that allow the sharing of information between individuals and groups have emerged as the most significant form of consumer control over information creation and communication.
0	0	social media	helps people to create, share, and/or exchange information and ideas in online communities	forms of electronic communication through which users create online communities
3	1	social media	websites that allow people to share information, ideas, photos and other forms of media in virtual communities and to comment on items shared.	electronic communication where uses share information, ideas, messages, audio, and video content on websites designed to create online communities.
0	0	social media	ways of sharing information, videos etc using the internet	means of web 2.0 communication
1	0	social media	a collection of web applications, based on web 2.0 technology and culture that allow people to connect and collaborate with others by creating and sharing digital content.	the use of technology to support the sharing content among network of users
0	0	social media	professionals can participate in social networking to get feedback and make relationships	a group of internet-based applications that build on the ideological and technological foundations of web 2.0 and that allow the creation and exchange of user-generated content
3	1	social media	online services that facilitate communication and interaction among people who want to share information about their lives, issues, and events using a multimedia mix of text, pictures, video, and audio	electronic communication that enables users to establish online communities for the purpose of sharing content, ideas, personal messages, and to share information such as videos and photographs
3	1	social media	-online communication channels that enable users to create and share content and participate in community-based input	communication technologies that allow users to create public profiles in order to connect and share content with other users, usually in a public fashion
2	1	social media	helps people to create, share, and/or exchange information and ideas in online communities	electronic communication where uses share information, ideas, messages, audio, and video content on websites designed to create online communities.
2	1	social media	refers to a platform used to engage and communicate with groups of people through online communities, networks, websites or blogs, for personal or professional means.	the means by which people can create, share, and exchange ideas and comments via the internet.
1	0	social media	content that is created, shared, and commented on by a broader community of users.	websites that allow users to create and exchange information.
0	0	social media	interaction among people in virtual communities where they can share information and ideas  facilitates b2b and c2c e-commerce	social media is the means of interactions among people in which they create, share, and exchange information and ideas in virtual communities
3	1	social media	websites and applications that allow users to communicate through social networking (e.g., facebook, twitter)	websites and applications that enable users to create and share content or to participate in social networking. instagram and facebook are examples of social media.
0	0	social media	greatest change in engaging consumers -community -participants -collaborate manage with strategic considerations	some companies pay to show their ads on users feed who appear interested in similar topics. companies also sponsor celebrities to help get their message across to a wider audience.
1	0	social media	refers to a platform used to engage and communicate with groups of people through online communities, networks, websites or blogs, for personal or professional means.	greatest change in engaging consumers -community -participants -collaborate manage with strategic considerations
3	1	social media	helps people to create, share, and/or exchange information and ideas in online communities	websites that allow people to share information, ideas, photos and other forms of media in virtual communities and to comment on items shared.
0	0	social media	a means of communication and a stream of feed of information that many people have access too on the internet.	websites that allow users to create and exchange information.
3	1	social media	websites and applications that enable users to create and share content or to participate in social networking. instagram and facebook are examples of social media.	websites or apps that allow users to create and share content and/or participate in social networking with others.
1	0	social media	a collection of web applications, based on web 2.0 technology and culture that allow people to connect and collaborate with others by creating and sharing digital content.	variety of internet technology platforms and communities that people use to communicate and share information and resources.
2	1	social media	greatest change in engaging consumers -community -participants -collaborate manage with strategic considerations	forms of online communication that provide interactions with people around the world who share similar interests and problems; examples include facebook, linkedin, twitter, and blogs.
1	0	social media	refers to the forms of communication through virtual networks and communities, in which users share and exchange information and ideas.	websites that allow users to create and exchange information.
1	0	social media	the use of technology to support the sharing content among network of users	variety of internet technology platforms and communities that people use to communicate and share information and resources.
2	1	social media	electronic media that allows people with similar interests to participate in a social network	subset of new media that has dominates the mass media landscape in recent years  internet based applications that allows creation and exchange if user generated context
3	1	social media	websites and applications that enable users to create and share content or to participate in social networking.	websites and applications that allow users to communicate through social networking (e.g., facebook, twitter)
2	1	social media	a website designed for groups of people who publish their own information and share it with others such as friends, family, co-workers	interactive websites where people and communities create and share user-generated content with friends, family, peers, and the world.
1	0	social media	a means of communication and a stream of feed of information that many people have access too on the internet.	content that is created, shared, and commented on by a broader community of users.
1	0	social media	forms of electronic communication through which users create online communities	websites that allow people to share information, ideas, photos and other forms of media in virtual communities and to comment on items shared.
3	1	social media	websites, applications or online channels that enable users to co-create, discuss, modify, and exchange user-generated content.	a trend in ict, is a website, application or open channel that enables web users to create, co-create, discuss, modify and exchange user guaranteed content
1	0	social media	has brought about significant changes in the way people keep in touch and manage their social lives.	web-based and mobile technologies which enable interaction among people.
2	1	social media	the means by which people can create, share, and exchange ideas and comments via the internet.	a group of internet-based applications that build on the ideological and technological foundations of web 2.0 and that allow the creation and exchange of user-generated content
3	1	social media	forms of electronic communication (such as web sites) through which people create online communities to share information, ideas, personal messages, etc.	electronic communication where uses share information, ideas, messages, audio, and video content on websites designed to create online communities.
2	1	social media	digital tools or internet applications with which users can create, share, or communicate information or ideas online.	a collection of web-based and mobile technologies that create true interactivity among users, most usually allowing users to be both creators and consumers of content
3	1	social media	websites that enable you to create user-generated content, connect, network, and share.	websites or software applications that allow users to create and share ideas, information, photos and videos, and in- teract in a social network.
3	1	social media	enables web users to create, co-create, discuss, modify and exchange user-generated content.	websites, applications or online channels that enable users to co-create, discuss, modify, and exchange user-generated content.
2	1	social media	a collection of tools that enable users to create user-generated content, network, and share.	websites or software applications that allow users to create and share ideas, information, photos and videos, and in- teract in a social network.
2	1	social media	electronic communication that enables users to establish online communities for the purpose of sharing content, ideas, personal messages, and to share information such as videos and photographs	a means of communication and a stream of feed of information that many people have access too on the internet.
3	1	social media	websites or apps that allow users to share information or communicate over the internet in a social setting.	websites and computer programs that allow people to communicate and share information on the internet using a computer or mobile phone
1	0	social media	forms of online communication that provide interactions with people around the world who share similar interests and problems; examples include facebook, linkedin, twitter, and blogs.	the means by which people can create, share, and exchange ideas and comments via the internet.
3	1	social media	websites and applications that enable users to create and share content or to participate in social networking.	websites or apps that allow users to create and share content and/or participate in social networking with others.
3	1	social media	enables web users to create, co-create, discuss, modify and exchange user-generated content.	a trend in ict, is a website, application or open channel that enables web users to create, co-create, discuss, modify and exchange user guaranteed content
3	1	social media	forms of electronic communication (such as web sites) through which people create online communities to share information, ideas, personal messages, etc.	websites that allow people to share information, ideas, photos and other forms of media in virtual communities and to comment on items shared.
1	0	social media	websites that enable people to communicate with each other	websites or software applications that allow users to create and share ideas, information, photos and videos, and in- teract in a social network.
3	1	social media	refers to the forms of communication through virtual networks and communities, in which users share and exchange information and ideas.	electronic communication that enables users to establish online communities for the purpose of sharing content, ideas, personal messages, and to share information such as videos and photographs
1	0	social media	facebook and twitter receive updates directly from military branches on a facebook page youtube and flickr youtube - used for multimedia sharing flickr - used for photo sharing	content that users create and share online, such as photos, videos, music, links, blog posts, tweets, wiki entries, podcasts, and status updates.
1	0	social media	interaction among people in virtual communities where they can share information and ideas  facilitates b2b and c2c e-commerce	refers to the enabling technologies for social interaction among people in which allows for the creation and exchange of user-generated-content.
0	0	social media	a collection of tools that enable users to create user-generated content, network, and share.	websites that enable people to communicate with each other
3	1	social media	digital tools or internet applications with which users can create, share, or communicate information or ideas online.	includes the various online technology tools that enable people to communicate easily via the internet to share information and resources
3	1	social media	forms of electronic communication (such as web sites) through which people create online communities to share information, ideas, personal messages, etc.	forms of electronic communication through which users create online communities
0	0	social media	refers to the forms of communication through virtual networks and communities, in which users share and exchange information and ideas.	a means of communication and a stream of feed of information that many people have access too on the internet.
0	0	social media	professionals can participate in social networking to get feedback and make relationships	websites that allow users to generate content, comment, tag, and network with friends or other like-minded people
1	0	social media	includes the various online technology tools that enable people to communicate easily via the internet to share information and resources	a collection of web-based and mobile technologies that create true interactivity among users, most usually allowing users to be both creators and consumers of content
2	1	social media	websites that allow users to generate content, comment, tag, and network with friends or other like-minded people	a group of internet-based applications that build on the ideological and technological foundations of web 2.0 and that allow the creation and exchange of user-generated content
1	0	social media	created and controlled by a community of users that interact using the internet.	electronic media that allows people with similar interests to participate in a network.
2	1	social media	a website designed for groups of people who publish their own information and share it with others such as friends, family, co-workers	applications and websites where one can create an account and connect with their family, friends and with the rest of the world virtually
1	0	social media	forms of online communication that provide interactions with people around the world who share similar interests and problems; examples include facebook, linkedin, twitter, and blogs.	a group of internet-based applications that build on the ideological and technological foundations of web 2.0 and that allow the creation and exchange of user-generated content
1	0	social media	professionals can participate in social networking to get feedback and make relationships	refers to a platform used to engage and communicate with groups of people through online communities, networks, websites or blogs, for personal or professional means.
3	1	social media	digital tools or internet applications with which users can create, share, or communicate information or ideas online.	it is a collection of internet-based communication tools and computer assisted channels dedicated to allow users to interact, communicate, and share information in a virtual community and network.
2	1	social media	online means of communication among interdependent and interconnected networks of people, communities and organizations enhanced by technological capabilities and mobility (the &"modern city square&")	information technology that has revolutionized business
1	0	social media	includes apps like twitter, facebook, and tumblr	(presentation &  visualization, cloud computing, social media, webpage creation, file management, publishing, mapping)  twitter, fb, tumblr
1	0	social media	has revolutionized way people communicate and social on the web.	web-based and mobile technologies which enable interaction among people.
2	1	social media	refers to a platform used to engage and communicate with groups of people through online communities, networks, websites or blogs, for personal or professional means.	forms of online communication that provide interactions with people around the world who share similar interests and problems; examples include facebook, linkedin, twitter, and blogs.
0	0	social media	greatest change in engaging consumers -community -participants -collaborate manage with strategic considerations	a group of internet-based applications that build on the ideological and technological foundations of web 2.0 and that allow the creation and exchange of user-generated content
2	1	social media	websites or apps that allow users to share information or communicate over the internet in a social setting.	apps that make is possible to communicate and socialize with our peers in an appropriate manner.
2	1	social media	the means by which people can create, share, and exchange ideas and comments via the internet.	websites that allow users to generate content, comment, tag, and network with friends or other like-minded people
1	0	social media	to troubleshoot this personnel issue, make sure that personnel is aware of what is impermissable to post on the internet.	make sure there is sufficient user training on social media apps.
3	1	social media	websites and applications that allow users to communicate through social networking (e.g., facebook, twitter)	websites or apps that allow users to create and share content and/or participate in social networking with others.
3	1	social media	general term for web sites and online communication technologies that allow participants to exchange ideas and report news and information updates to each other.	web sites that allow participants to exchange ideas and report news and information updates to each other.
3	1	open source	source code is available to the public	software where the source code is freely available.
1	0	open source	no one owns code; may be modified for your specific needs	kind of software whose code is provided for use, modification, and redistribution
2	1	open source	no license fee, available to the public; succeeds because of collaboration	a type of licensing where the applications are free and that the source code is also shared to encourage others to contribute to the future development of the application
3	1	open source	software whose source code is freely available and may be used, distributed, or modified by anyone.	software with source code allowing people to edit/change it. it is freely distributed with the code
1	0	open source	software that can be freely used, changed, and shared (in modified or unmodified form) by anyone.	this is code that can be changed and edited legally, however it is not nallowed to be resold.
2	1	open source	software that is free (free in cost and actually able to see and alter the code of program) any lamp product is open source	software whose source code is made available free for any third party to review and modify
2	1	open source	the source code for the os is available for free and anyone can modify and redistribute the source code.   typically developed as a community effort by many contributors.	source code for an operating system or other software whereby the source code is available for free and anyone can modify and redistribute the source code.
3	1	open source	software that can be freely distributed, modified, and shared	software or designs that are freely available and can be accessed, distributed, and modified by anyone
0	0	open source	programs and apps (including operating systems) that have no restrictions on the source code from the copyright holder regarding modification and redistribution.	an operating system that allows vendors to use the core source code and gives vendors the ability to customize the operating system.
2	1	open source	software that is created with the source code freely available to the public	software whose source code is freely available and may be used, distributed, or modified by anyone.
2	1	open source	software where users may legally modify the source code to create their own version.	software where the source code is made freely available.
1	0	open source	software that allows others to use its code without cost.	software that has its source code published and made available to the public, enabling anyone to copy, modify, and redistribute it without paying fees.
3	1	open source	software whose source code can be used, edited, and distributed by anyone. usually downloaded for free however not usually much online help	software that is provided under license but free of charge to anyone. the source code is made available and can be modified.
3	1	open source	free to use. source code available so anyone who can write code can modify the program	programs who make the underlying source code public and allow anyone to modify the code.
3	1	open source	source code for an application is available to the public for free, and can be modified to fix specific needs without paying a fee.	a program in which the source code is available to the general public for use and/or modification from its original design free of charge
1	0	open source	programs released for free distribution to allow the program code to be modified and further developed by others.	free distribution of the operating system code and encouraged others to modify and further develop the code
2	1	open source	a free and openly distributed software program intended to allow users to improve upon and further develop the program.	programs released for free distribution to allow the program code to be modified and further developed by others.
1	0	open source	source of software: software that is created for free use by everyone (e.g. mysql, wordpress, firefox, apache); red hat serves as a support organization for this software source	software that is not prorietary, for which original source code is made available for editing and redistribution; vs. proprietary software; word press, drupal, and joomla are all open source
3	1	open source	programs and apps (including operating systems) that have no restrictions on the source code from the copyright holder regarding modification and redistribution.	software that has no restrictions from the copyright holder regarding modifications of the software's internal instructions and its redistrobution
2	1	open source	enables users to access its source code and gives them the right to modify it	makes the source code available to the public;software improves and benefits from innovations of the users (wikipedia)
0	0	open source	software that is free (free in cost and actually able to see and alter the code of program) any lamp product is open source	computer software for which the source code and certain other rights normally reserved for copyright holders are provided under a software license.
2	1	open source	software for which the original source code is made freely available and may be redistributed and modified.	grants ownership source code must be freely available can be modified and redistributed  ex. firefox
2	1	open source	software that can be freely used, changed, and shared (in modified or unmodified form) by anyone.	software for which the original source code is made freely available and may be redistributed and modified.
3	1	open source	a program in which the source code is available to the general public for use and/or modification from its original design free of charge	computer software where the source code is made available for use and/or modification without charge.
2	1	open source	makes software a commodity, and places onus on companies to leverage that software effectively.	refers to any software whose source code is made available free for any third party to review and modify  - mozilla - firefox and thunderbird
3	1	open source	source code for an operating system or other software whereby the source code is available for free and anyone can modify and redistribute the source code.	the source code for the operating system is available for free and anyone can modify and redistribute the source code.
1	0	open source	software licensed to the developer community to be further developed, shared, and sometimes marketing depending on the license agreement.	software with source code that is released under license (e.g. creative commons)
1	0	open source	source code that is available for all to see &  use - that can be changed - sold or free	software where the source code is freely available.
3	1	open source	software with source code allowing people to edit/change it. it is freely distributed with the code	software whose source code is freely available and can be changed and distributed.
1	0	open source	makes the source code available to the public;software improves and benefits from innovations of the users (wikipedia)	a software licensing scheme that enables users to access its source code and gives them the right to modify it.
1	0	open source	a way in which software is developed that allows access to the source code of an application or software and is free to update and use	the source code for software that is available to anyone
0	0	open source	computer software for which the source code and certain other rights normally reserved for copyright holders are provided under a software license.	software whose source code is made available free for any third party to review and modify
2	1	open source	software that is free (free in cost and actually able to see and alter the code of program) any lamp product is open source	any software whose source code is made available free (not on a fee or licensing basis as in ebusiness) for any third party to review and modify
3	1	open source	software for which the actual source code is available to anyone, android, linux, unix	the source code of the program is available to the public  linux machine office, firefox, mysql, android
1	0	open source	software that has no restrictions from the copyright holder regarding modifications of the software's internal instructions and its redistrobution	an operating system that allows vendors to use the core source code and gives vendors the ability to customize the operating system.
1	0	open source	this is code that can be changed and edited legally, however it is not nallowed to be resold.	grants ownership source code must be freely available can be modified and redistributed  ex. firefox
3	1	open source	software whose source code is freely available and may be used, distributed, or modified by anyone.	software whose source code is freely available and can be changed and distributed.
0	0	open source	software licensed to the developer community to be further developed, shared, and sometimes marketing depending on the license agreement.	no license fee, available to the public; succeeds because of collaboration
2	1	open source	a free and openly distributed software program intended to allow users to improve upon and further develop the program.	free distribution of the operating system code and encouraged others to modify and further develop the code
3	1	open source	source code for an application is available to the public for free, and can be modified to fix specific needs without paying a fee.	computer software where the source code is made available for use and/or modification without charge.
1	0	open source	software with source code that is released under license (e.g. creative commons)	no license fee, available to the public; succeeds because of collaboration
3	1	open source	software that can be freely used, changed, and shared (in modified or unmodified form) by anyone.	grants ownership source code must be freely available can be modified and redistributed  ex. firefox
3	1	open source	program whose source code is made available for use or modification as user or other developers see fit	kind of software whose code is provided for use, modification, and redistribution
3	1	open source	any software whose source code is made available free (not on a fee or licensing basis as in ebusiness) for any third party to review and modify	software whose source code is made available free for any third party to review and modify
1	0	information sources	refer to people, groups, and records from which data is gathered	various means by which information is recorded for use by an individual or an organization
0	0	information sources	are the producers or givers of information and these sources also serve as the means by which people record information for future consumption	various means by which information is recorded for use by an individual or an organization
0	0	information sources	are the producers or givers of information and these sources also serve as the means by which people record information for future consumption	company websites  product, management
0	0	information sources	various means by which information is recorded for use by an individual or an organization	the producers or givers of information
0	0	information sources	refer to people, groups, and records from which data is gathered	the producers or givers of information
1	0	information sources	are the producers or givers of information and these sources also serve as the means by which people record information for future consumption	refer to people, groups, and records from which data is gathered
0	0	classification problems	labeling a specific example as part of a discrete step	tax fraud, fraud detection, direct marketing, text categorization
0	0	classification problems	predict discrete-valued output	small number of discrete values
2	1	background knowledge	your personal experiences, what you already know.	what you already know about a topic based on your reading and personal experience
2	1	background knowledge	what you already know about a topic.	what you know about a topic not comprehend reading if lack background knowledge foundation greater knowledge can be built
3	1	background knowledge	what you know about a topic - foundation upon which greater knowledge can be built - students will not comprehend what they are reading if they lack essential background knowledge	what you know about a topic not comprehend reading if lack background knowledge foundation greater knowledge can be built
2	1	background knowledge	what a person knows about a topic; students will not comprehend what they are reading if they lack essential background knowledge	a specific subset of knowledge needed to comprehend a particular situation, lesson, or text.
1	0	false positives	when a vulnerability is incorrectly identified. false positives from an ids can cause an increased workload because they falsely indicate an alert has occurred.	an alert on an event that isn't a security incident. as an example, occurs if the nids raises an alert but activity on the network is normal.
3	1	false positives	a vulnerability is identified that doesn't really exist	term for when a reported vulnerabilities are not real. wastes time to determine this and causes frustration.
1	0	false positives	when a vulnerability is incorrectly identified. false positives from an ids can cause an increased workload because they falsely indicate an alert has occurred.	a report that isn't true... a false alarm.
1	0	false positives	alarms generated by legitimate network traffic rather than actual attacks.	a report that isn't true... a false alarm.
2	1	false positives	an alert on an event that isn't a security incident. as an example, occurs if the nids raises an alert but activity on the network is normal.	alarms generated by legitimate network traffic rather than actual attacks.
2	1	false positives	case of mistaken identity and there was not an intrusion at all	legitimate activity identified as an intrusion
0	0	false positives	results of keyword searches that contain the correct match but aren't relevant to the investigation	mistakes made by an heruistic analysis making an alright file seem bad
2	1	intelligent systems	commercial applications of ai (sensors, software, etc.) that emulate and enhance human capabilities.	various commercial applications of artificial intelligence
1	0	intelligent systems	receive data from the environment and react. ai artificial intelligence	various commercial applications of artificial intelligence
0	0	intelligent systems	receive data from the environment and react. ai artificial intelligence	-commercial applications of ai  -sensors, software and devices
1	0	intelligent systems	commercial applications of ai (sensors, software, etc.) that emulate and enhance human capabilities.	receive data from the environment and react. ai artificial intelligence
2	1	intelligent systems	-commercial applications of ai  -sensors, software and devices	various commercial applications of artificial intelligence
2	1	spatial relations	- ability to perceive self in relation to other objects - deficit: same as position in space	knowing where an object is in relation to self and others
2	1	spatial relations	- ability to perceive self in relation to other objects - deficit: same as position in space	ability to perceive the position of objects in space, particularly as they relate to the position of the body.
3	1	spatial relations	ability to percieve the position of an object in relation to other objects	knowing where an object is in relation to self and others
0	0	business process	a network of activities that generate value by transforming inputs into outputs	consists of 1 or more activities; usually a single business process relates to 1 or more information systems
1	0	business process	a network of activities that generate value by transforming inputs into outputs	a network of activities for accomplishing a business function.
1	0	business process	a network of activities for accomplishing a business function.	structured set of activities or steps with specified outcomes  - processes involve many organization functions  - every process has structural and resource constraints limiting output
1	0	business process	consists of 1 or more activities; usually a single business process relates to 1 or more information systems	structured set of activities or steps with specified outcomes  - processes involve many organization functions  - every process has structural and resource constraints limiting output
1	0	business process	a network of activities that generate value by transforming inputs into outputs	structured set of activities or steps with specified outcomes  - processes involve many organization functions  - every process has structural and resource constraints limiting output
2	1	business process	a sequence of work steps performed in order to produce a desired result for the organization	a set of related policies and procedures that are performed step by step to accomplish a business-related function.
1	0	business process	a network of activities for accomplishing a business function.	consists of 1 or more activities; usually a single business process relates to 1 or more information systems
1	0	business process	a coordinated set of collaborative and transactional work activities carried out to complete work steps.	• collection of activities required to produce a product or service. (conduct business) • process improvement / quality control (om/or)
2	1	business process	standardized set of activities that accomplish a specific task	is a series of tasks or activities grouped to achieve a business function or goal
2	1	business process	set of related, coordinated and structured activities that are usually performed by people and/or machines to accomplish a specific objective	logically related tasks and behaviors for accomplishing work.
0	0	business process	a network of activities that generate value by transforming inputs into outputs	network of activities, resources, facilities, and information that accomplish a business function - more specifically, a business process implements value chains or portions of the value chain
2	1	business process	is a series of tasks or activities grouped to achieve a business function or goal	a standardized set of activities that accomplish a specific task, such as completing a customers order
2	1	data processing	process if making the data more suitable for data mining	the collection, storage, transformation, and delivery of data for the purpose of providing information
1	0	data processing	organising data to reveal patterns or as complex as making forecasts or drawing inferences using statistical modelling	process if making the data more suitable for data mining
1	0	data processing	a systematic procedure to ensure that the data gathered which can be more easily encoded, counted and tabulated	systematic procedure to ensure that the information/dta gathered are complete, consistent and suitable for data analysis
2	1	data processing	organization of data for the purpose of producing desired information; involves collecting / recording, organizing / classifying, sorting, summarizing, analyzing / calculating, disseminating and storing data.	organization of data for the purpose of producing desired information; involves recording, classifying, sorting, summarizing, calculating, disseminating and storing data.
1	0	data processing	• a systematic procedure to ensure that the data gathered are complete, consistent and suitable for data analysis • data coding → data encoding → data editing	a systematic procedure to ensure that the data gathered which can be more easily encoded, counted and tabulated
0	0	data processing	an important element of information management, but it is just one part of a larger whole	analyzing collected facts and figures and putting them into formats useful to a business
2	1	data processing	the conversion of data into information	a series of operations on data, especially by a computer, to retrieve, transform, or classify information.
0	0	data processing	article 4(2) of the gdpr defines any operation performed upon data, and its comprises / contains the many possible actions in the data lifecycle	organising data to reveal patterns or as complex as making forecasts or drawing inferences using statistical modelling
0	0	data processing	organising data to reveal patterns or as complex as making forecasts or drawing inferences using statistical modelling	the collection, storage, transformation, and delivery of data for the purpose of providing information
3	1	data processing	systematic procedure that ensure that data gathered are consistent, complete and suitable for data analysis	systematic procedure to ensure that the information/dta gathered are complete, consistent and suitable for data analysis
0	0	data processing	an important element of information management, but it is just one part of a larger whole	converting facts and figures into useful information
3	1	data processing	converting facts and figures into useful information	analyzing collected facts and figures and putting them into formats useful to a business
3	1	data processing	converting facts and figures into useful information	is a process of transforming data into useful and meaningful information. it involves the gathering of facts and have them converted into useful information.
0	0	data processing	updating data, changing data, adding data, deleting data	capturing and storing of data.
0	0	data processing	an important element of information management, but it is just one part of a larger whole	is a process of transforming data into useful and meaningful information. it involves the gathering of facts and have them converted into useful information.
2	1	data processing	transformation of data into a form that is used for a specific purpose.	a series of operations on data, especially by a computer, to retrieve, transform, or classify information.
2	1	data processing	the conversion of data into information	transformation of data into a form that is used for a specific purpose.
1	0	data processing	• a systematic procedure to ensure that the data gathered are complete, consistent and suitable for data analysis • data coding → data encoding → data editing	systematic procedure that ensure that data gathered are consistent, complete and suitable for data analysis
2	1	data processing	analyzing collected facts and figures and putting them into formats useful to a business	is a process of transforming data into useful and meaningful information. it involves the gathering of facts and have them converted into useful information.
2	1	data processing	this stage of the research process involves the organization of the collected information as well as the elimination of unnecessary and problematic ones	a cycle of events identified as input, process, and output that transforms raw facts and isolated figures into useful information
0	0	data processing	a group that manages the computer resources used to perform the day-to-day processing of transactions  e.g. transferring the journal entry to the ledger	doing something to data to make them more useful
1	0	data processing	article 4(2) of the gdpr defines any operation performed upon data, and its comprises / contains the many possible actions in the data lifecycle	the collection, storage, transformation, and delivery of data for the purpose of providing information
1	0	main advantages	- participation  - cost-efffective  - quicker  - private	- private   - quick  - cheap  - protects relationship  - able to use any time
1	0	main advantages	- cheap  - quick  - control  - private   - enforced through courts	- private   - quick  - cheap  - protects relationship  - able to use any time
1	0	main advantages	- participation  - cost-efffective  - quicker  - private	- cheap  - quick  - control  - private   - enforced through courts
0	0	semantic gap	the difference between the operations provided in hlls (high-level languages) and those provided in computer architecture	difference between how something is categorized, categories vs binary of encoded image.
1	0	semantic gap	the difference between the operations provided in hlls (high-level languages) and those provided in computer architecture	huge gap between the semantic idea of an object and the primitives that the computer can see.
1	0	instruction level parallelism	modern processors can execute multiple instructions per cycle	one cpu executing within one program on the same computer
1	0	instruction level parallelism	seeks to increase the rate at which instructions are executed within a cpu	modern processors can execute multiple instructions per cycle
0	0	instruction level parallelism	seeks to increase the rate at which instructions are executed within a cpu	one cpu executing within one program on the same computer
0	0	instruction level parallelism	a property of the program itself where execution can be overlapped if instructions in a sequence are independent however this is governed by data and procedural dependency	one cpu executing within one program on the same computer
1	0	instruction level parallelism	seeks to increase the rate at which instructions are executed within a cpu	a property of the program itself where execution can be overlapped if instructions in a sequence are independent however this is governed by data and procedural dependency
0	0	instruction level parallelism	modern processors can execute multiple instructions per cycle	a property of the program itself where execution can be overlapped if instructions in a sequence are independent however this is governed by data and procedural dependency
1	0	face recognition	feature net models explain much of how we recognize texts *faces are different	automatic process to find faces in objects, infants prefer looking at faces; cross race effect = easier to recognize images of people of your own race
1	0	face recognition	- rbc is insufficient to support face recognition - rbv is required to notice certain faces as unique	face recognition, in contrast, does not depend on an inventory of a face's parts; instead, this recognition seems to depend on holistic perception of the face.
1	0	face recognition	- ability to recognize familiar faces	feature net models explain much of how we recognize texts *faces are different
1	0	face recognition	- ability to recognize familiar faces	automatic process to find faces in objects, infants prefer looking at faces; cross race effect = easier to recognize images of people of your own race
1	0	face recognition	-biological basis -faces processed holistically (identify fts. and put them together)	feature net models explain much of how we recognize texts *faces are different
2	1	data source	a file containing variable data used for customizing a mail merge document.	a list of information that is merged with a main document during a mail merge procedure
1	0	data source	this is where data comes from in computing terms  (two words)	the table or tables from which query gets its data. maybe from another program such as excel
0	0	data source	a map element that provides an attribution describing where the data can be found	defined in the source system and is then duplicated in the data warehouse. often must be cleansed and harmonized, corrected.
1	0	data source	a resource on a network that includes a database and the drivers required to interface between a remote computer and the data.	connection to database also persistance
3	1	data source	a file containing variable data used for customizing a mail merge document.	a file that contains information to be merged in the main document during a mail merge
0	0	data source	defined in the source system and is then duplicated in the data warehouse. often must be cleansed and harmonized, corrected.	a data source is the internal representation of an external source of data for a specific source system.
2	1	data source	a list of information that is merged with a main document during a mail merge procedure	a file that contains information to be merged in the main document during a mail merge
2	1	data source	the entity that produces or sends the data that is entered into a system.	the source of the data or information. usually in the form of files.
1	0	data source	the source of the data or information. usually in the form of files.	a data source is the internal representation of an external source of data for a specific source system.
1	0	data source	data source the table or tables from which a query, form, or report retrieves its data.	the description and location of master data from database tables, flat files or other data sources
1	0	data source	the entity that produces or sends the data that is entered into a system.	defined in the source system and is then duplicated in the data warehouse. often must be cleansed and harmonized, corrected.
1	0	data source	the entity that produces or sends the data that is entered into a system.	a data source is the internal representation of an external source of data for a specific source system.
0	0	data source	a resource on a network that includes a database and the drivers required to interface between a remote computer and the data. also see open database connectivity (odbc).	connection to database also persistance
0	0	data source	the entity that produces or sends the data that is entered into a system.	a map element that provides an attribution describing where the data can be found
0	0	data source	the source of the data or information. usually in the form of files.	defined in the source system and is then duplicated in the data warehouse. often must be cleansed and harmonized, corrected.
0	0	data source	a map element that provides an attribution describing where the data can be found	a data source is the internal representation of an external source of data for a specific source system.
0	0	data source	the source of the data or information. usually in the form of files.	a map element that provides an attribution describing where the data can be found
1	0	group communication	communication among a small number of people who share a common purpose or goal, who feel connected to each other, and who coordinate their behavior	can be among small or large groups,such as an organization, club or classroom, in which all individuals retain their individual identities.
1	0	group communication	3 or more people using communication, mutual respect, and collaboration to work towards a common goal.	a dynamic process where a small number of people engage in a conversation.
2	1	group communication	a dynamic process where a small number of people engage in a conversation.	-interaction in small groups -2-20 people -verbal/nonverbal -decision making -working towards common goal
0	0	group communication	a dynamic process where a small number of people engage in a conversation.	can be among small or large groups,such as an organization, club or classroom, in which all individuals retain their individual identities.
0	0	group communication	small group communication(2 or more)  organizational communication (faculty meeting-established goal) group dynamics(small group-organizational communication-dynamics)	the collaboration of three or more interdependent members working to achieve a common goal
2	1	group communication	communication among a small number of people who share a common purpose or goal, who feel connected to each other, and who coordinate their behavior	a dynamic process where a small number of people engage in a conversation.
0	0	group communication	3 or more people using communication, mutual respect, and collaboration to work towards a common goal.	can be among small or large groups,such as an organization, club or classroom, in which all individuals retain their individual identities.
2	1	group communication	3 or more people using communication, mutual respect, and collaboration to work towards a common goal.	communication among a small number of people who share a common purpose or goal, who feel connected to each other, and who coordinate their behavior
3	1	group communication	3 or more interdependent(rely on each other) members working 2 achieve 1 common goal / they have a mission	the collaboration of three or more interdependent members working to achieve a common goal
1	0	group communication	there is a specific goal or purpose	goal-directed form of communication, has a purpose &  follows specific format
1	0	group communication	small group communication(2 or more)  organizational communication (faculty meeting-established goal) group dynamics(small group-organizational communication-dynamics)	3 or more interdependent(rely on each other) members working 2 achieve 1 common goal / they have a mission
3	1	overlay network	a network which is established on top of another network (e.g. vpn over the internet)	a  virtual network  realised on top of an existing network such as the internet
2	1	network management	insuring network is fulfilling goals  configuration mgmt  performance and fault mgmt  end-user mgmt  cost mgmt	asses, monitor, and maintain all network aspects
1	0	network management	insuring network is fulfilling goals  configuration mgmt  performance and fault mgmt  end-user mgmt  cost mgmt	refers to the assessment, monitoring, and maintenance of all aspects of a network
3	1	network management	asses, monitor, and maintain all network aspects	refers to the assessment, monitoring, and maintenance of all aspects of a network
2	1	network management	management of systems on the network using various activities, methods, procedures, and tools that relate to the operation, administration, maintenance, and provisioning of these systems.	is the process of assessing, monitoring, and maintaining network devices and connections.
1	0	software component	applications, operating system, virtualization	element that is embedded in a system
0	0	software component	an architectural entity that encapsulates a subset of the system's functionality and restricts access to that subset	non trivial pies of software, a module, a package or subsystem fulfills a clear function  integrated into a well defined architecture
0	0	software component	non trivial pies of software, a module, a package or subsystem fulfills a clear function  integrated into a well defined architecture	an independently deliverable piece of functionality providing access to its service through interface.
0	0	software component	an architectural entity that encapsulates a subset of the system's functionality and restricts access to that subset	an independently deliverable piece of functionality providing access to its service through interface.
0	0	information processing	brain is like a computer; sees development as continuous; focused on memory and problem solving	system that occurs in three stages (registration of stimulus, analysis of information, and hypothesis formation)
0	0	information processing	models of cognitive processes and how the information processing system changes over development	system that occurs in three stages (registration of stimulus, analysis of information, and hypothesis formation)
2	1	information processing	transforming low level sensory representations into higher level representations capable of mediating cognitive behavior	the transformation of sensory input into mental representations and the manipulations of such representations
0	0	information processing	uses previous knowledge to help when experiencing something knew. emphasizes connections between experiences.	focuses on way people process info and how they deal with it. effectiveness involves attention, memory, thinking.
1	0	information processing	a perspective that views the human mind as a symbol manipulating system through which information flows and that regards cognitive development as a continuous process.	brain is like a computer; sees development as continuous; focused on memory and problem solving
0	0	information processing	- continuous (gradual) - one course (changes characterize people) - both nature and nurture (active, meet new demands)	uses previous knowledge to help when experiencing something knew. emphasizes connections between experiences.
0	0	information processing	a perspective that views the human mind as a symbol manipulating system through which information flows and that regards cognitive development as a continuous process.	system that occurs in three stages (registration of stimulus, analysis of information, and hypothesis formation)
0	0	information processing	a theoretical position which analyzes behavior by using computer mechanisms as models of behavior	system that occurs in three stages (registration of stimulus, analysis of information, and hypothesis formation)
1	0	information processing	the organization, manipulation, analysis, and distribution of data, nowadays typically carried out by computers  (reviewing trends / grouping like info /	taking in information, figuring out whats important, storing and retrieving processes  computer model= same software
0	0	information processing	- continuous (gradual) - one course (changes characterize people) - both nature and nurture (active, meet new demands)	individualized voluntary problem solving strategies unique to each person -attention, discrimination, organization, memory
0	0	information processing	this term refers to the organization of our memories and the processes used to learn and use information in those memories	system that occurs in three stages (registration of stimulus, analysis of information, and hypothesis formation)
1	0	information processing	this model conceives of memory as consisting of three components: sensory memory, short-term working memory, and long term memory.	information must pass through the sensory, short-term and long-term memory before it is fully processed
2	1	information processing	- our brain processes the information that comes in through our senses - something comes in, we do something to it, and it is converted to output	-our brain processes the information that comes in via our senses.
0	0	information processing	- continuous (gradual) - one course (changes characterize people) - both nature and nurture (active, meet new demands)	focuses on way people process info and how they deal with it. effectiveness involves attention, memory, thinking.
0	0	information processing	this term refers to the organization of our memories and the processes used to learn and use information in those memories	brain is like a computer; sees development as continuous; focused on memory and problem solving
0	0	machine learning	study of how computers can improve their performance without explicit commands programmed by humans by training algorithms to learn from previous data and examples	a software program that works in the background without direct human intervention to carry out specific, repetitive, predictable tasks
2	1	machine learning	finding patterns in data and getting insight; decision making by predicting	finding and describing structural patterns in data and making predictions from it
1	0	machine learning	driven by the data, instead of programming &"rules&" the computer designs the &"rules&" on its own based on trying to closely mimic the testing data that it is provided.	artificial intelligence in which computers continually teach themselves to make better decisions based on previous results and new data
3	1	machine learning	machine learning algorithms build a mathematical model of sample data, known as &"training data&", in order to make predictions or decisions without being explicitly programmed to perform the task.	---focus of designing algorithms that can learn from and make predictions on the data without being explicitly programmed to perform the task  --- &"training data&"
1	0	machine learning	(focus on model improvement) shares many of the same statistical techniques. predictive model improves automatically with experience.	the scientific study of algorithms and statistical models that computer systems use to progressively improve their performance on a specific task.
1	0	machine learning	analyzing large amounts of data to discover patterns and make predictions	system learns to identify certain things by looking at examples
2	1	machine learning	automatically learning and improving through experience rather than being programmed (artificial intelligence)	a fundamental concept of ai research since the field's inception. the study of computer algorithms that improve automatically through experience.
2	1	machine learning	ability of a machine to improve its own performance through the use of software that employs artificial intelligence	ability of a machine to improve its own performance through software
3	1	machine learning	application of artificial intelligence (ai) that provides systems the ability to automatically learn and improve from experience without being explicitly programmed	a form of artificial intelligence that provides computers with the ability to learn without being explicitly programmed
1	0	machine learning	techniques allowing computers to 'improve performance' in certain tasks by making use of data (rather than being programmed explicitly for a task)	the scientific study of algorithms and statistics to effectively perform a specific task without providing specific instructions
3	1	machine learning	application of artificial intelligence (ai) that provides systems the ability to automatically learn and improve from experience without being explicitly programmed	application of ai that provides systems the ability to automatically learn and improve from experience without being explicitly programmed
0	0	machine learning	the use of data-driven algorithms that perform better as they have more data to work with; generally uses cross-validation	study of algorithms that computers use to perform certain tasks, helps decision making
1	0	machine learning	study of algorithms that computers use to perform certain tasks, helps decision making	the field of study that gives computers the ability to learn from data (e.g., discovering patterns and relations among input data), and make predictions
2	1	machine learning	machine learning is the science of getting computers to act without being explicitly programmed  self driving cars, speech recognition, and web search	driven by the data, instead of programming &"rules&" the computer designs the &"rules&" on its own based on trying to closely mimic the testing data that it is provided.
2	1	machine learning	application of ai that provides systems the ability to automatically learn and improve from experience without being explicitly programmed	algorithms that can learn from data, or, computer programs that essentially program themselves by looking at information
2	1	machine learning	algorithms that are good at predicting. (based on knowledge, things we already know)	the field of study that gives computers the ability to learn from data (e.g., discovering patterns and relations among input data), and make predictions
3	1	machine learning	the extraction of knowledge from data based on algorithms created from training data, and improve their performance at a task with experience	the extraction of knowledge from data based on algorithms created from training data  technique for making a computer produce better results by learning from past experiences.
3	1	machine learning	application of ai that provides systems the ability to automatically learn and improve from experience without being explicitly programmed	type of ai broadly defined as software with the ability to learn or improve without being explicitly programmed
2	1	machine learning	leverages massive amounts of data so that computers can act and improve on their own without additional programming.	a type of artificial intelligence that leverages massive amounts of data so that computers can improve the accuracy of actions and predictions on their own without additional programming.
3	1	machine learning	type of artificial intelligence that leverages massive amounts of data so that computers can act and improve on their own without additional programming.	a type of artificial intelligence that leverages massive amounts of data so that computers can improve the accuracy of actions and predictions on their own without additional programming.
2	1	machine learning	the study of techniques to make computers learn to solve different problems as well as adapt to new information that becomes available	the practice of using algorithms to parse data, learn from it, and then make a determination or prediction about something in the word
0	0	machine learning	(focus on model improvement) shares many of the same statistical techniques. predictive model improves automatically with experience.	the process of using mathematics and algorithms to build models from data for prediction and insight
2	1	machine learning	field of study that gives computers the ability to learn without being explicitly programmed practice of using algorithms to parse data, learn from it, make prediction about something in world	the field of study that gives computers the ability to learn from data (e.g., discovering patterns and relations among input data), and make predictions
1	0	machine learning	- the extraction of knowledge from data based on algorithms created from training data - focused on predicting outcomes based on previously unknown data	the extraction of knowledge from data based on algorithms created from training data, and improve their performance at a task with experience
2	1	machine learning	how computer can improve their performance without explicit commands and instead use patterns from previous data and examples provided by humans	a software program that works in the background without direct human intervention to carry out specific, repetitive, predictable tasks
2	1	machine learning	machine learning is the science of getting computers to act without being explicitly programmed  self driving cars, speech recognition, and web search	a field of study interested in the development of computer algorithms to transform data into intelligent action  ex. facebook auto friend tagging, uber estimated time arrival
3	1	machine learning	automatically learning and improving through experience rather than being programmed (artificial intelligence)	is a field of study concerned with creating algorithms that computers can use to learn from their experiences.
2	1	machine learning	a field of study interested in the development of computer algorithms to transform data into intelligent action  ex. facebook auto friend tagging, uber estimated time arrival	trains computers to accurately recognize patterns in data for purposes of data analysis, prediction, and/or action selection by autonomous agents
2	1	machine learning	field of study that gives computers the ability to learn without being explicitly programmed practice of using algorithms to parse data, learn from it, make prediction about something in world	the practice of using algorithms to parse data, learn from it, and then make a determination or prediction about something in the word
0	0	machine learning	driven by the data, instead of programming &"rules&" the computer designs the &"rules&" on its own based on trying to closely mimic the testing data that it is provided.	trains computers to accurately recognize patterns in data for purposes of data analysis, prediction, and/or action selection by autonomous agents
2	1	machine learning	the process by which a computer is able to improve its own ( as in analyzing image files ) by continuously incorporating new data into an existing statistical model.	the scientific study of algorithms and statistical models that computer systems use to progressively improve their performance on a specific task.
2	1	machine learning	the field of study interested in the development of computer algorithms to transform data into intelligent action	branch of computer science; use of computer algorithms to transform data into intelligent actions - predictions and decisions. tends to be focused on performing clear tasks; &"data-hungry&"
2	1	machine learning	algorithms that are good at predicting. (based on knowledge, things we already know)	the practice of using algorithms to parse data, learn from it, and then make a determination or prediction about something in the word
1	0	machine learning	technique for making a computer produce better results by gathering data and learning from past experiences.	driven by the data, instead of programming &"rules&" the computer designs the &"rules&" on its own based on trying to closely mimic the testing data that it is provided.
0	0	machine learning	machine learning is the science of getting computers to act without being explicitly programmed  self driving cars, speech recognition, and web search	technique for making a computer produce better results by gathering data and learning from past experiences.
2	1	machine learning	the use of data-driven algorithms that perform better as they have more data to work with; generally uses cross-validation	the field of study that gives computers the ability to learn from data (e.g., discovering patterns and relations among input data), and make predictions
3	1	machine learning	application of artificial intelligence (ai) that provides systems the ability to automatically learn and improve from experience without being explicitly programmed	type of ai broadly defined as software with the ability to learn or improve without being explicitly programmed
0	0	machine learning	algorithms that can learn from data, or, computer programs that essentially program themselves by looking at information	a form of artificial intelligence that provides computers with the ability to learn without being explicitly programmed
3	1	machine learning	focuses on the development of computer programs that can access data and use it learn for themselves.	programs that give computer the ability to learn from data
1	0	machine learning	study of algorithms that computers use to perform certain tasks, helps decision making	the practice of using algorithms to parse data, learn from it, and then make a determination or prediction about something in the word
3	1	machine learning	application of ai that provides systems the ability to automatically learn and improve from experience without being explicitly programmed	a form of artificial intelligence that provides computers with the ability to learn without being explicitly programmed
1	0	machine learning	analyzing large amounts of data to discover patterns and make predictions	is one way to analyze, understand, and predict big data
1	0	machine learning	includes any type of algorithm that uses training data/set to change how it processes future data. typically uses language of probability theory and linear algebra - vectors.	algorithms that use training data to encode rules and logic that can then be applied to new data (situations)
3	1	machine learning	a category of algorithm that allows software applications to become more accurate in predicting outcomes without being explicitly programmed	is a type of artificial intelligence (ai) that allows software applications to become more accurate in predicting outcomes without being explicitly programmed.
1	0	machine learning	the study of techniques to make computers learn to solve different problems as well as adapt to new information that becomes available	the use of data-driven algorithms that perform better as they have more data to work with; generally uses cross-validation
2	1	machine learning	the development of techniques that allow a computer to simulate learning by generating rules from raw data fed into it.	a subset of ai gives computers the ability to learn without being explicitly programmed
0	0	machine learning	study of how computer programs can improve their performance without explicit programming	a software program that works in the background without direct human intervention to carry out specific, repetitive, predictable tasks
2	1	machine learning	technique for making a computer produce better results by gathering data and learning from past experiences.	trains computers to accurately recognize patterns in data for purposes of data analysis, prediction, and/or action selection by autonomous agents
1	0	machine learning	study of how computer programs can improve their performance without explicit programming	how computer can improve their performance without explicit commands and instead use patterns from previous data and examples provided by humans
3	1	machine learning	the extraction of knowledge from data based on algorithms created from training data -ai learns predictive models extracted from data	the extraction of knowledge from data based on algorithms created from training data, automates analytical model building
3	1	machine learning	a fundamental concept of ai research since the field's inception. the study of computer algorithms that improve automatically through experience.	is a field of study concerned with creating algorithms that computers can use to learn from their experiences.
2	1	machine learning	based on the idea of computer programs taking data, analyzing it to create meaningful interpretations and making future decisions based on that.	programs take data, analyze it and create interpretations and decisions based on that algorithms are key
3	1	machine learning	type of ai broadly defined as software with the ability to learn or improve without being explicitly programmed	a form of artificial intelligence that provides computers with the ability to learn without being explicitly programmed
1	0	machine learning	the process of using mathematics and algorithms to build models from data for prediction and insight	the process by which a computer is able to improve its own ( as in analyzing image files ) by continuously incorporating new data into an existing statistical model.
2	1	machine learning	the study of techniques to make computers learn to solve different problems as well as adapt to new information that becomes available	study of algorithms that computers use to perform certain tasks, helps decision making
1	0	machine learning	driven by the data, instead of programming &"rules&" the computer designs the &"rules&" on its own based on trying to closely mimic the testing data that it is provided.	a field of study interested in the development of computer algorithms to transform data into intelligent action  ex. facebook auto friend tagging, uber estimated time arrival
3	1	machine learning	how computer can improve their performance without explicit commands and instead use patterns from previous data and examples provided by humans	study of how computers can improve their performance without explicit commands programmed by humans by training algorithms to learn from previous data and examples
3	1	machine learning	a field of computer science focused on training computers to learn on their own (ai)	a field of computer science focused on training computers to learn on their own (artificial intelligence)
3	1	machine learning	using learning algorithms on big data to make accurate predictions and detect previously unkown patterns	algorithms that use mathematical or logical techniques for finding patterns in data and discovering or creating new knowledge
0	0	machine learning	the study of techniques to make computers learn to solve different problems as well as adapt to new information that becomes available	field of study that gives computers the ability to learn without being explicitly programmed practice of using algorithms to parse data, learn from it, make prediction about something in world
2	1	machine learning	learning system that automatically configures the model m and improves performance p, based on the empirical data d acquired from the interaction with environment e	a type of artificial intelligence that enables computers to both understand concepts in the environment, and also to learn.
3	1	machine learning	the extraction of knowledge from data based on algorithms created from training data	extraction of knowledge from data based on training
1	0	machine learning	machine learning is the science of getting computers to act without being explicitly programmed  self driving cars, speech recognition, and web search	trains computers to accurately recognize patterns in data for purposes of data analysis, prediction, and/or action selection by autonomous agents
1	0	machine learning	techniques allowing computers to 'improve performance' in certain tasks by making use of data (rather than being programmed explicitly for a task)	uses statistical techniques to give computers the ability to &"learn&" (i.e., progressively improve performance on a specific task) with data, without being explicitly programmed
0	0	machine learning	artificial intelligence in which computers continually teach themselves to make better decisions based on previous results and new data	trains computers to accurately recognize patterns in data for purposes of data analysis, prediction, and/or action selection by autonomous agents
1	0	machine learning	algorithms that are good at predicting. (based on knowledge, things we already know)	study of algorithms that computers use to perform certain tasks, helps decision making
3	1	machine learning	- the extraction of knowledge from data based on algorithms created from training data - focused on predicting outcomes based on previously unknown data	the extraction of knowledge from data based on algorithms created from training data  technique for making a computer produce better results by learning from past experiences.
1	0	machine learning	a type of artificial intelligence that enables computers to both understand concepts in the environment, and also to learn.	a scientific discipline concerned with the design and development of algorithms that allow computers to evolve behaviors based on empirical data, such as from sensor data or databases.
2	1	machine learning	is about making machines get better at some task by learning from data, instead of having code rules.	is about building systems that can learn from data. learning means getting better at some task, given some performance measure.
1	0	machine learning	algorithms that can learn from data, or, computer programs that essentially program themselves by looking at information	type of ai broadly defined as software with the ability to learn or improve without being explicitly programmed
2	1	machine learning	machine learning is a field of computer science that gives computer systems the ability to &"learn&" with data, without being explicitly programmed.	in the 1950s the term &" machine learning&" was coined to refer to programs that gave computers the ability to learn from data.
0	0	machine learning	technique for making a computer produce better results by gathering data and learning from past experiences.	a field of study interested in the development of computer algorithms to transform data into intelligent action  ex. facebook auto friend tagging, uber estimated time arrival
1	0	machine learning	the use of data-driven algorithms that perform better as they have more data to work with; generally uses cross-validation	the practice of using algorithms to parse data, learn from it, and then make a determination or prediction about something in the word
1	0	machine learning	a field of study interested in the development of computer algorithms to transform data into intelligent action  ex. facebook auto friend tagging, uber estimated time arrival	artificial intelligence in which computers continually teach themselves to make better decisions based on previous results and new data
3	1	reverse engineering	the process of analyzing a system to identify components and their interrelations and create representations of the system in another form or at a higher lever of abstraction	it is the process of analyzing a subject system to identify the system components and their relationship and create a representation of a system in another form
3	1	reverse engineering	the process of analyzing a system to identify components and their interrelations and create representations of the system in another form or at a higher lever of abstraction	the process of analyzing an existing software system and creating a new version of the system at a higher level of abstraction
1	0	reverse engineering	where a program is decoded to extract information from it; it helps with documenting the organization and functionality of a system	analyze the program to understand it, information extraction
1	0	reverse engineering	involves taking apart a competitor's product, analyzing it, and creating an improved product that does not infringe on the competitor's patents, if any exist	designing products based on existing designs thru measurement and deconstruction
0	0	reverse engineering	the process of analyzing an existing software system and creating a new version of the system at a higher level of abstraction	process of analyzing a system and understand its structure and functionality
1	0	reverse engineering	the process of analysing an existing system to identify its components and their interrelationships, to allow the creation of a similar system	process of analyzing a system and understand its structure and functionality
2	1	reverse engineering	behavior to source code to design to requirements	recover requirements or design info from source code
1	0	reverse engineering	the process of disassembling a product to analyze its design features.	the process of duplicating/analyzing an existing component, subassembly, or product.
2	1	reverse engineering	&gt; leads to a new understanding about products &gt; process of analyzing the products function and features &gt; begins with a product and ends with an understanding	the process of taking apart an object to see how it works in order to duplicate the object. it is legal to acquire a trade secret through reverse engineering.
3	1	reverse engineering	the process of taking something apart and analyzing its workings in detail with the intention of understanding its structure function and operation	the process of taking something apart and analyzing its workings in detail, usually with the intention of understanding its function.
1	0	reverse engineering	the process of analyzing a system to identify components and their interrelations and create representations of the system in another form or at a higher lever of abstraction	process of analyzing a system and understand its structure and functionality
0	0	reverse engineering	where a program is decoded to extract information from it; it helps with documenting the organization and functionality of a system	the process of analysing to identify its components and their interrelationships, to allow the creation of a similar system.
1	0	reverse engineering	original source code is recreated from examaning outputs of software. focuses on recreating product than copying code.	analysing a product and its parts to understand how it works to recreate the original design
3	1	reverse engineering	the process of analysing an existing system to identify its components and their interrelationships, to allow the creation of a similar system	it is the process of analyzing a subject system to identify the system components and their relationship and create a representation of a system in another form
0	0	reverse engineering	automated tools that read program source code as input and create graphical and textual representations of design-level information such as program control structures, data structures, logical flow, and data flow.	the process of analysing to identify its components and their interrelationships, to allow the creation of a similar system.
2	1	reverse engineering	the process of analysing to identify its components and their interrelationships, to allow the creation of a similar system.	the process of extracting knowledge or design information from anything man-made and reproducing it or reproducing anything based on the extracted information.
2	1	reverse engineering	a strategy used to find answers to questions about an existing product that are later used in the design of another project.	examine the construction or composition of another manufacturer's product in order to create (a duplicate or similar product).
0	0	reverse engineering	where a program is decoded to extract information from it; it helps with documenting the organization and functionality of a system	the process of extracting knowledge or design information from anything man-made and reproducing it or reproducing anything based on the extracted information.
1	0	reverse engineering	analyze the program to understand it, information extraction	the process of extracting knowledge or design information from anything man-made and reproducing it or reproducing anything based on the extracted information.
1	0	reverse engineering	the process of analysing to identify its components and their interrelationships, to allow the creation of a similar system.	analyze the program to understand it, information extraction
2	1	reverse engineering	the process of discovering the technological principles of a device, object or system through analysis of its structure, function, and operation.	the process of learning about the device / object from the inside out.
1	0	reverse engineering	the process of analysing an existing system to identify its components and their interrelationships, to allow the creation of a similar system	the process of analyzing an existing software system and creating a new version of the system at a higher level of abstraction
0	0	classification rules	results are often expressed in the form of rules	they predict the classification of given attribute (in terms of whether to play or not)
0	0	service providers	organizations with computers connected to the internet that are willing to provide access to software, data and storage	- regional authorities - counties - special districts - cities - schools -conservancies and friends groups  financed primarily by taxes with user fees as a supplement source of income
0	0	service providers	any person providing an iss could be for free - 'normally' remuneration.	organizations with computers connected to the internet that are willing to provide access to software, data and storage
2	1	mobile applications	an app designed to run on mobile devices	different edition of software that is designed specifically for mobile use
1	0	mobile applications	(type of application software)  small programs primarily designed for mobile devices (e.g., smartphones and tablets)	are add-on programs for a variety of mobile devices including smartphones and tablets
0	0	mobile applications	an app designed to run on mobile devices	add on programs for mobile or smart phones, app store provides access to apps
2	1	mobile applications	are add-on programs for a variety of mobile devices including smartphones and tablets	different edition of software that is designed specifically for mobile use
1	0	mobile applications	software programs that run on mobile devices and give users access to certain content	different edition of software that is designed specifically for mobile use
2	1	mobile applications	(type of application software)  small programs primarily designed for mobile devices (e.g., smartphones and tablets)	add on programs for mobile or smart phones, app store provides access to apps
0	0	mobile applications	applications designed to run on mobile devices. these can be used for creating documents, taking pictures, listening to music, playing games or finding directions.	refers to programs that are designed to help users complete a specific activity or task
1	0	mobile applications	add on programs for mobile or smart phones, app store provides access to apps	different edition of software that is designed specifically for mobile use
2	1	mobile applications	(type of application software)  small programs primarily designed for mobile devices (e.g., smartphones and tablets)	different edition of software that is designed specifically for mobile use
2	1	mobile applications	an app designed to run on mobile devices	(type of application software)  small programs primarily designed for mobile devices (e.g., smartphones and tablets)
2	1	mobile applications	an app designed to run on mobile devices	software programs that run on mobile devices and give users access to certain content
3	1	mobile applications	an app designed to run on mobile devices	are add-on programs for a variety of mobile devices including smartphones and tablets
3	1	mobile applications	add on programs for mobile or smart phones, app store provides access to apps	are add-on programs for a variety of mobile devices including smartphones and tablets
0	0	mobile applications	software programs that run on mobile devices and give users access to certain content	are add-on programs for a variety of mobile devices including smartphones and tablets
1	0	mobile applications	software programs that run on mobile devices and give users access to certain content	add on programs for mobile or smart phones, app store provides access to apps
1	0	association rule	likelihood of buying another product with a certain product what people buy together descriptive if &lt;antecedent&gt; then &lt;consequent&gt;	• when you connect one thing to another product • ex. beer + diapers = happiness
1	0	association rule	an implication expression of the form x --&gt; y, where x and y are itemsets ex: {milk, diaper} --&gt; {beer}  do not mean causality... more like co-occurrence	describes relationship between two itemsets. x --&gt; y - x is antecedent (lhs) - y is consequent (rhs)
1	0	association rule	an implication expression of the form x -&gt; y, where x and y are itemsets  ex. {milk, diaper} -&gt; {beer}	describes relationship between two itemsets. x --&gt; y - x is antecedent (lhs) - y is consequent (rhs)
0	0	association rule	used to discover interesting relations between attributes in large datasets.	discover item sets that frequently occur together
0	0	physical resources	manufacturing facilities, buildings, vehicles, machines, systems, distribution networks	personnel material machines  money
3	1	cluster analysis	identify groups of entities with similar characteristics (find groups of similar customers from customer order and demographic data)	statistical techniques identify groups of entities that have similar characteristics. common use - fidnd groups of similar customers from orders and demographic data
3	1	cluster analysis	statistical technique to identify groups of entities with similar characteristics; used to find groups of similar customers from customer order and demographic data.  unsupervised data mining technique	common unsupervised technique -statistical techniques identify groups of entities that have similar characteristics -common use is to find groups of similar customers from customer order and demographic data
1	0	cluster analysis	class label is unknown: group data to form new classes, e.g., cluster houses to find distribution patterns	a collection of techniques that seek to group or segment a collection of objects into subsets or clusters. a data reduction technique and is primarily descriptive
3	1	cluster analysis	statistical technique to identify groups of entities with similar characteristics; used to find groups of similar customers from customer order and demographic data.  unsupervised data mining technique	unsupervised data mining technique where statistics are used to identify similar groups of people. like how to target a particular group of customers that have placed similar past orders
3	1	cluster analysis	common unsupervised data mining technique that includes using statistical techniques to identify groups of entities that have similar characteristics	analytic unsupervised data mining technique that identifies groups of entities that have similar characteristics
0	0	cluster analysis	using statistical methods, a computer program explores data to find groups with common and previously unknown characteristics	a model that determines previously unknown groupings of data
3	1	cluster analysis	common unsupervised data mining technique that includes using statistical techniques to identify groups of entities that have similar characteristics	unsupervised statistical techniques identify group of entities that have simar characteristics
3	1	cluster analysis	statistical techniques identify groups of entities that have similar characteristics. common use - fidnd groups of similar customers from orders and demographic data	common unsupervised technique -statistical techniques identify groups of entities that have similar characteristics -common use is to find groups of similar customers from customer order and demographic data
0	0	cluster analysis	identify groups of entities with similar characteristics (find groups of similar customers from customer order and demographic data)	unsupervised data mining technique where statistics are used to identify similar groups of people. like how to target a particular group of customers that have placed similar past orders
1	0	cluster analysis	class label is unknown: group data to form new classes, e.g., cluster houses to find distribution patterns	collection of techniques that seek to group of segment a collection of objects into subsets of clusters
3	1	cluster analysis	identifying groups in the data that have similar characteristics and patterns   unsupervised dm	-common unsupervised technique -groups entities based on similar characteristics -findings obtained solely by data analysis
2	1	cluster analysis	arranging items or values based on different variables into &"natural&" groups	the process of arranging terms or values based on different variable into &"natural&" groups. a forecasting technique that employs a series of past data points to make a forecast
3	1	cluster analysis	goal - divide n observations into clusters so that elements within a cluster look very similar while those in different clusters look diverse	to find grps of closely related observations so that observations that belong to the same cluster are more similar to each other than observations that belong to other clusters
3	1	cluster analysis	identifying groups in the data that have similar characteristics and patterns   unsupervised dm	an unsupervised technique that uses statistical techniques to identify groups of entities that have similar characteristics
1	0	cluster analysis	arranging items or values based on different variables into &"natural&" groups	the process of arranging terms or values based on different variables into &"natural&" groups. used for understanding the makeup of an industry's different areas.
3	1	cluster analysis	analytic unsupervised data mining technique that identifies groups of entities that have similar characteristics	unsupervised statistical techniques identify group of entities that have simar characteristics
3	1	cluster analysis	unsupervised data mining technique where statistics are used to identify similar groups of people. like how to target a particular group of customers that have placed similar past orders	common unsupervised technique -statistical techniques identify groups of entities that have similar characteristics -common use is to find groups of similar customers from customer order and demographic data
3	1	cluster analysis	statistical techniques identify groups of entities that have similar characteristics -common use for cluster analysis is to find groups of similar customers from customer order and demographic data	common unsupervised technique -statistical techniques identify groups of entities that have similar characteristics -common use is to find groups of similar customers from customer order and demographic data
2	1	cluster analysis	statistical techniques identify groups of entities that have similar characteristics -common use for cluster analysis is to find groups of similar customers from customer order and demographic data	statistical technique to identify groups of entities with similar characteristics; used to find groups of similar customers from customer order and demographic data.  unsupervised data mining technique
3	1	cluster analysis	statistical techniques identify groups of entities that have similar characteristics -common use for cluster analysis is to find groups of similar customers from customer order and demographic data	statistical techniques identify groups of entities that have similar characteristics. common use - fidnd groups of similar customers from orders and demographic data
2	1	cluster analysis	statistical techniques identify groups of entities that have similar characteristics -common use for cluster analysis is to find groups of similar customers from customer order and demographic data	unsupervised data mining technique where statistics are used to identify similar groups of people. like how to target a particular group of customers that have placed similar past orders
3	1	cluster analysis	an unsupervised technique that uses statistical techniques to identify groups of entities that have similar characteristics	-common unsupervised technique -groups entities based on similar characteristics -findings obtained solely by data analysis
3	1	cluster analysis	statistical technique to identify groups of entities with similar characteristics; used to find groups of similar customers from customer order and demographic data.  unsupervised data mining technique	statistical techniques identify groups of entities that have similar characteristics. common use - fidnd groups of similar customers from orders and demographic data
1	0	cluster analysis	arranging items or values based on different variables into &"natural&" groups	the process of arranging terms or values based on different variables into &"natural&" groups.  used for understanding the makeup of an industry's different areas. also known as segmentation.
1	0	cluster analysis	a collection of techniques that seek to group or segment a collection of objects into subsets or clusters. a data reduction technique and is primarily descriptive	divides data into groups that are meaningful/useful. objects in a cluster share the same characteristics.
2	1	cluster analysis	unsupervised data mining technique where statistics are used to identify similar groups of people. like how to target a particular group of customers that have placed similar past orders	statistical techniques identify groups of entities that have similar characteristics. common use - fidnd groups of similar customers from orders and demographic data
0	0	cluster analysis	statistical technique to identify groups of entities with similar characteristics; used to find groups of similar customers from customer order and demographic data.  unsupervised data mining technique	identify groups of entities with similar characteristics (find groups of similar customers from customer order and demographic data)
1	0	cluster analysis	identify groups of entities with similar characteristics (find groups of similar customers from customer order and demographic data)	common unsupervised technique -statistical techniques identify groups of entities that have similar characteristics -common use is to find groups of similar customers from customer order and demographic data
3	1	space complexity	how much space the algorithm takes	the amount of memory an algorithm or data structure needs
1	0	space complexity	amount of computer memory required during program execution as a function of input size	what amount of extra space is required for module to execute
1	0	space complexity	the space needed by an algorithm expressed as a function of the input size.	what amount of extra space is required for module to execute
2	1	space complexity	maximum number of nodes in memory	maximum number of nodes stored in memory -expressed in terms of b, d, m
2	1	space complexity	time is not the only thing that matters in an algorithm. we might also care about the amount of memory or space-required by an algorithm.	how much memory is being used in general
3	1	space complexity	amount of computer memory required during program execution as a function of input size	the space needed by an algorithm expressed as a function of the input size.
2	1	space complexity	the amount of memory needed by a program to run to completion	how much memory is being used in general
1	0	space complexity	how much space (inside ram) is required	amount of space used
1	0	space complexity	time is not the only thing that matters in an algorithm. we might also care about the amount of memory or space-required by an algorithm.	the amount of memory needed by a program to run to completion
0	0	service quality	service quality dimensions are reliability, assurance, tangibles, empathy, and responsiveness	timeliness, turnaround time, accuracy, thoroughness, accessibility, convenience, courtesy, and safety - often process (measurable) indicators measuring compliance with established standards.
2	1	service quality	the experiences and perceptions of patients and other stakeholders.	customers' perceptions of how well a service meets or exceeds their expectations
2	1	protocol stack	layering different protocols on top of one another	or a protocol suite, is made up of multiple protocols used to exchange information between computers
2	1	protocol stack	tcp/icp 1. physical  2. data link 3. network 4. transport 5. application	the collection of networking protocols that operate at the various layers
1	0	protocol stack	networks use more than one protocol, and the collection of protocols for a network is referred to as a protocol stack.	al known as a protocol suite and is multiple protocols that work together to provide a network service or application.
1	0	protocol stack	different layers and are stacked one of another the set of software used to understand the different protocols	the set of software required to process a set of protocols at various layers
1	0	protocol stack	layering different protocols on top of one another	the set of software required to process a set of protocols at various layers
1	0	protocol stack	layering different protocols on top of one another	list of protocols used by a certain system, one protocol per layer.
1	0	protocol stack	a collection of protocols. tcp/ip is an example. the actual software that implements the protocol suite on a particular operating system.	networks use more than one protocol, and the collection of protocols for a network is referred to as a protocol stack.
1	0	protocol stack	a collection of protocols. tcp/ip is an example. the actual software that implements the protocol suite on a particular operating system.	al known as a protocol suite and is multiple protocols that work together to provide a network service or application.
0	0	protocol stack	the set of software required to process a set of protocols at various layers	or a protocol suite, is made up of multiple protocols used to exchange information between computers
2	1	protocol stack	list of protocols used by a certain system, one protocol per layer.	or a protocol suite, is made up of multiple protocols used to exchange information between computers
3	1	protocol stack	set of software used to understand the different protocols	the set of software required to process a set of protocols at various layers
1	0	protocol stack	different layers and are stacked one of another the set of software used to understand the different protocols	or a protocol suite, is made up of multiple protocols used to exchange information between computers
1	0	protocol stack	it shows how the individual protocols within a suite are implemented	all the protocols from a protocol suite currently used to carry out specific functions of network communications within the computer.
0	0	protocol stack	set of software used to understand the different protocols	list of protocols used by a certain system, one protocol per layer.
1	0	protocol stack	the set of software required to process a set of protocols at various layers	list of protocols used by a certain system, one protocol per layer.
3	1	protocol stack	the protocols of the various layers	the collection of networking protocols that operate at the various layers
0	0	protocol stack	set of software used to understand the different protocols	or a protocol suite, is made up of multiple protocols used to exchange information between computers
0	0	small groups	-minimum of 3 people -ideal number is 5 -odd numbers usually -created to complete superordinate goals	vary in size, function as systems, maintain task-oriented goals, governed by their own norms, create their own identities, preserve member cohesiveness
2	1	small groups	are defined as any small gathering of people interacting over time in order to reach a goal.	3 to 12 people united together around common goals and feeling a sense of belonging to their social unit
1	0	peer-to-peer network	every computer can communicate  directly with every other computer.	every computer is equal and communicate with any other computer on the network that will be granted access
3	1	peer-to-peer network	peer-to-peer computing or networking is a distributed application architecture that partitions tasks or workloads between peers. peers are equally privileged, equipotent participants in the application.	a network that has no dedicated servers. all computers are of equal status and can both share resources themselves and use resources from other computers, ie they are peers.
3	1	peer-to-peer network	there is no central server, indivdual computers are connected to each other either locally or over a widea area network so they can share files.	a network type where computers act as both service providers and requestors. also referred to as workgroups and has no centralized administration. suited for networks with &lt;= 10 computers.
2	1	peer-to-peer network	consists of peer machines that exchange data with each other without a dedicated server	there is no central server, indivdual computers are connected to each other either locally or over a widea area network so they can share files.
1	0	peer-to-peer network	allows every computer to communicate with every other computer in the network.	every computer can communicate  directly with every other computer.
0	0	peer-to-peer network	network characteristics: clients share their resources with other clients, resource sharing is made available through the clients' os	a network that has no dedicated servers. all computers are of equal status and can both share resources themselves and use resources from other computers, ie they are peers.
3	1	peer-to-peer network	a network in which all microcomputers on the network communicate directly with one another without relying on a server.	a network relying on its interconnected computers with no use for a server.
0	0	peer-to-peer network	network characteristics: clients share their resources with other clients, resource sharing is made available through the clients' os	a network type where computers act as both service providers and requestors. also referred to as workgroups and has no centralized administration. suited for networks with &lt;= 10 computers.
2	1	peer-to-peer network	- no central server, no leaders - each computer has its own functions and may share resources within the network - easy to setup - each computer maintained individually	a network type where computers act as both service providers and requestors. also referred to as workgroups and has no centralized administration. suited for networks with &lt;= 10 computers.
2	1	peer-to-peer network	when you allow workstation computers to become servers and share things in this manner, it is called a peer-to-peer network. no central authority	any network without a central file server and in which all computers in the network have access to the public files located on all other workstations
1	0	peer-to-peer network	network characteristics: clients share their resources with other clients, resource sharing is made available through the clients' os	peer-to-peer computing or networking is a distributed application architecture that partitions tasks or workloads between peers. peers are equally privileged, equipotent participants in the application.
1	0	peer-to-peer network	each computer on this network is considered equal; no computer has ultimate control over another.	a type of network where all devices are equal and connected directly to each other
3	1	peer-to-peer network	the os of each computer on the network controls access to its resources individually, without any centralization.	a network where each computer has control of itself without a centralized admin
3	1	peer-to-peer network	consists of peer machines that exchange data with each other without a dedicated server	a network that has no dedicated servers. all computers are of equal status and can both share resources themselves and use resources from other computers, ie they are peers.
1	0	peer-to-peer network	- no central server, no leaders - each computer has its own functions and may share resources within the network - easy to setup - each computer maintained individually	a network that has no dedicated servers. all computers are of equal status and can both share resources themselves and use resources from other computers, ie they are peers.
0	0	peer-to-peer network	network characteristics: clients share their resources with other clients, resource sharing is made available through the clients' os	there is no central server, indivdual computers are connected to each other either locally or over a widea area network so they can share files.
2	1	peer-to-peer network	a network that has no dedicated servers. all computers are of equal status and can both share resources themselves and use resources from other computers, ie they are peers.	a network type where computers act as both service providers and requestors. also referred to as workgroups and has no centralized administration. suited for networks with &lt;= 10 computers.
2	1	peer-to-peer network	peer-to-peer computing or networking is a distributed application architecture that partitions tasks or workloads between peers. peers are equally privileged, equipotent participants in the application.	a network type where computers act as both service providers and requestors. also referred to as workgroups and has no centralized administration. suited for networks with &lt;= 10 computers.
1	0	peer-to-peer network	a type of network that connects two client computers directly together. the systems are independent of each other and authentication is decentralized.	a peer-to-peer network, therefore, is one in which each computer node has equal abilities. #
3	1	peer-to-peer network	- no central server, no leaders - each computer has its own functions and may share resources within the network - easy to setup - each computer maintained individually	network characteristics: clients share their resources with other clients, resource sharing is made available through the clients' os
1	0	peer-to-peer network	computer systems connected to each other via the internet	a network model where all computers are connected to each other and data may be shared from computer to computer.
2	1	peer-to-peer network	a peer-to-peer network, therefore, is one in which each computer node has equal abilities. #	a network in which all microcomputers on the network communicate directly with one another without relying on a server.
0	0	peer-to-peer network	network benefits: easy installation, usually cost less	network drawbacks: limited scalability, lower performance
0	0	peer-to-peer network	peer-to-peer computing or networking is a distributed application architecture that partitions tasks or workloads between peers. peers are equally privileged, equipotent participants in the application.	there is no central server, indivdual computers are connected to each other either locally or over a widea area network so they can share files.
2	1	peer-to-peer network	consists of peer machines that exchange data with each other without a dedicated server	peer-to-peer computing or networking is a distributed application architecture that partitions tasks or workloads between peers. peers are equally privileged, equipotent participants in the application.
2	1	peer-to-peer network	a type of network that connects two client computers directly together. and they can share their resources	a collection of interconnected devices (for example, pcs) which share their resources with one another.
0	0	peer-to-peer network	each computer on this network is considered equal; no computer has ultimate control over another.	- most basic, low level - a computer can be connected to another via a serial port - if multiple computers needed, then a proper network required (hub)
0	0	peer-to-peer network	- no central server, no leaders - each computer has its own functions and may share resources within the network - easy to setup - each computer maintained individually	peer-to-peer computing or networking is a distributed application architecture that partitions tasks or workloads between peers. peers are equally privileged, equipotent participants in the application.
0	0	peer-to-peer network	allows interconnected devices (ie: pcs) to share their resources with one another. these resources could be for example, files or printers.	computers share resources and share equal control over resources. inexpensive and handle small amounts of info.
2	1	peer-to-peer network	a type of network that connects two client computers directly together. and they can share their resources	a type of network that connects two client computers directly together.  doesnot need server software to be installed in each ones
0	0	peer-to-peer network	consists of peer machines that exchange data with each other without a dedicated server	a network type where computers act as both service providers and requestors. also referred to as workgroups and has no centralized administration. suited for networks with &lt;= 10 computers.
2	1	peer-to-peer network	a type of network that connects two client computers directly together. the systems are independent of each other and authentication is decentralized.	a network relying on its interconnected computers with no use for a server.
3	1	peer-to-peer network	a network that has no dedicated servers. all computers are of equal status and can both share resources themselves and use resources from other computers, ie they are peers.	there is no central server, indivdual computers are connected to each other either locally or over a widea area network so they can share files.
2	1	peer-to-peer network	a collection of interconnected devices (for example, pcs) which share their resources with one another.	a type of network that connects two client computers directly together.  doesnot need server software to be installed in each ones
1	0	peer-to-peer network	computer architecture in which all of the computers on a network are equal and there is no computer designated as the server.	a network model where all computers are connected to each other and data may be shared from computer to computer.
1	0	peer-to-peer network	a collection of interconnected devices (for example, pcs) which share their resources with one another.	a type of network that connects two or more host computers directly together. all computers act like clients and servers.
2	1	peer-to-peer network	a type of network that connects two client computers directly together. the systems are independent of each other and authentication is decentralized.	a network in which all microcomputers on the network communicate directly with one another without relying on a server.
1	0	peer-to-peer network	computer architecture in which all of the computers on a network are equal and there is no computer designated as the server.	computer systems connected to each other via the internet
0	0	peer-to-peer network	- most basic, low level - a computer can be connected to another via a serial port - if multiple computers needed, then a proper network required (hub)	a type of network where all devices are equal and connected directly to each other
1	0	peer-to-peer network	when a network does not have a server, all the computers are essentially equal, with programs and data distributed among them.	network of computers configured to allow certain files and folders to be shared with everyone or selected users
1	0	peer-to-peer network	a type of network that connects two client computers directly together.  doesnot need server software to be installed in each ones	a type of network that connects two or more host computers directly together. all computers act like clients and servers.
3	1	3d shape	can be measured for length, width, and height	it has three dimensions : width, length and height
0	0	software development process	requirements  specification and architecture  design  implement and prototype  testing  debugging  deploy and maintain	planning, analysis, design, implementation, testing and integration, maintenance
0	0	software development process	any description of software development that contains some of the nine actives listed before, organized so that together they produce tested code	in order to understand, control and improve what happens as software products are built for customers.
1	0	software development process	system that is worked through when creating a piece of software: - analysis - design - implementation - testing - documentation - evaluation - maintenance	feasibility and requirements design implementation and testing - conversion of data files installation and training  maintenance
2	1	software development process	the process of dividing software development work into distinct phases to improve design, product management and project management	a framework that is used to structure, plan and control process of developing an info system
1	0	software development process	requirements  specification and architecture  design  implement and prototype  testing  debugging  deploy and maintain	system that is worked through when creating a piece of software: - analysis - design - implementation - testing - documentation - evaluation - maintenance
0	0	semantic web	a set of design principles that will allow computers to better index pages, topics, and subjects	allow meaning information exchange and search among machines
0	0	semantic web	- a set of design principles that will allow computers to better index web pages, topics, and subjects - enhanced search results	allow meaning information exchange and search among machines
1	0	semantic web	•will place the basic information of the web into meaningful categories •a layered connected database of information that software agents will sift through and process automatically for us.	allow meaning information exchange and search among machines
1	0	semantic web	a component of web 3.0 that provides a common framework that allows data to be shared and reused across application, enterprise, and community boundaries. (w3c)	an extension of the world wide web that utilizes a variety of conventions and technologies that allow machines to understand the meaning of web content.
2	1	semantic web	an evolving extension of the web in which data is defined in such a way to make it more easily processed by computers	an evolving extension of the world wide web in which info is defined in psych a way as to make it more easily readable by computers
1	0	semantic web	- a set of design principles that will allow computers to better index web pages, topics, and subjects - enhanced search results	•will place the basic information of the web into meaningful categories •a layered connected database of information that software agents will sift through and process automatically for us.
0	0	generative model	a model like naive bayes makes use of this likelihood term, which expresses how to generate the features of a document if we knew it was of class c.	each cortical area in hierarchy makes predictions about the level below. probabilistic 'model' of each class; decision boundary: where 1 model becomes more likely; natural use of unlabeled data.
2	1	whole network	- a network viewed in it's entirety - not focused on one person	network that shows the entire population (or pre-defined part of it) even nodes that are not linked. all nodes appear
0	0	whole network	a network viewed in it's entirety (auto define) birds eye view rather than ego perspective with it's &"ego network&" all nodes appear in this network (recitation)	network that shows the entire population (or pre-defined part of it) even nodes that are not linked. all nodes appear
2	1	whole network	- a network viewed in it's entirety - not focused on one person	a network viewed in it's entirety (auto define) birds eye view rather than ego perspective with it's &"ego network&" all nodes appear in this network (recitation)
1	0	broad spectrum	-given to someone who's in danger of death -no time for testing	-e.g. tetracycline antibiotics
0	0	broad spectrum	*effective against a variety of microbes	a group of disinfectants that kill bacteria, viruses, fungi, pseudomonas, formerly known as hospital grade or level
1	0	information resources	data and other information used by businesses	the available data, technology, people, and processes within an organization to be used by the manager to perform business processes and tasks
1	0	information resources	the available data, technology, people, and processes within an organization to be used by the manager to perform business processes and tasks. information resources can either be assets or capabilities.	data and other information used by businesses
0	0	information resources	available data, technology, people, and processes within an organization to be used by the manager	data and other information used by businesses
0	0	user model	conceptual model - how the user thinks the system works	a profile of all end users of the system
2	1	hash function	turn the key that is provided into the index in the array where we want to put the data	a function that takes in the key to compute a specific hash index.
2	1	hash function	computes a bucket index from the item's key	the computation that generates a hash value from a key
1	0	hash function	a function used to manipulate the key of an element in a list to identify its location in the list	accept a key and return an output unique only to that specific key
2	1	hash function	maps search key into unique location of hash table	turn the key that is provided into the index in the array where we want to put the data
0	0	hash function	accepts an input message of any length and generates, through a one-way operation, a fixed-length output. if any part of the document is changed, a completely different function	a function that is deterministic but randomizing, i.e. whose output is a relatively small integer that appears to be a random function of the key value.
2	1	hash function	maps keys of a given type to integers in a fixed interval [0, n - 1]	a function that takes in the key to compute a specific hash index.
2	1	hash function	function used to map data of an arbitrary size/type to a fixed size and type	used to map data of arbitrary size into bit string of fixed sizes
3	1	hash function	maps search key into unique location of hash table	a function that takes in the key to compute a specific hash index.
1	0	hash function	function used to map data of an arbitrary size/type to a fixed size and type	a hash function is any function that can be used to map data of arbitrary size to data of fixed size. it is essentially used as a digital fingerprint.
1	0	hash function	a function used to manipulate the key of an element in a list to identify its location in the list	(...) is a function that takes a group of characters (called a key) and maps it to a value of a certain length.
1	0	hash function	takes data (like a string, or a file's contents) and outputs a hash, a fixed-size string or number.	takes a key, i.e. a string or integer, for a data record, scrambles it, and outputs an index to be used in a hash table
1	0	hash function	used to map data of arbitrary size into bit string of fixed sizes	a hash function is any function that can be used to map data of arbitrary size to data of fixed size. it is essentially used as a digital fingerprint.
0	0	hash function	takes an object and tells you where to put it.	the computation that generates a hash value from a key
0	0	hash function	a function used to manipulate the key of an element in a list to identify its location in the list	performs two separate functions  1) key generation 2) constrain the key to a positive value less than the size of the table
1	0	hash function	takes a key, i.e. a string or integer, for a data record, scrambles it, and outputs an index to be used in a hash table	a destructive function that throws away data from a string and outputs another string, and therefore cannot be decrypted.  examples: sha1, sha256
1	0	hash function	a function that maps data to some fixed data for access to create a table	turn the key that is provided into the index in the array where we want to put the data
1	0	hash function	accept a key and return an output unique only to that specific key	performs two separate functions  1) key generation 2) constrain the key to a positive value less than the size of the table
3	1	hash function	maps search key into unique location of hash table	a formula that provides a home position in the hash table for data
2	1	hash function	a function that maps data to some fixed data for access to create a table	a function that takes in the key to compute a specific hash index.
2	1	hash function	maps keys of a given type to integers in a fixed interval [0, n - 1]	turn the key that is provided into the index in the array where we want to put the data
1	0	hash function	maps keys of a given type to integers in a fixed interval [0, n - 1]	a function that maps data to some fixed data for access to create a table
1	0	hash function	keys of a given type to integers in a fixed range [0, n-1] the integer h(x) is the hash value of the key x	used to map keys to integer values
2	1	hash function	turn the key that is provided into the index in the array where we want to put the data	a formula that provides a home position in the hash table for data
1	0	hash function	performs two separate functions  1) key generation 2) constrain the key to a positive value less than the size of the table	(...) is a function that takes a group of characters (called a key) and maps it to a value of a certain length.
2	1	hash function	a function that takes in the key to compute a specific hash index.	a formula that provides a home position in the hash table for data
0	0	hard problem	philosophical question as to why and how brain activity becomes conscious	given this universe composed of matter and energy, why is there such a thing as consciousness.
3	1	necessary condition	something is required to get a certain outcome	when one thing must happen or be the case for something else to happen or be.
3	1	necessary condition	when one thing must happen or be the case for something else to happen or be.	a condition that must hold in order for something else to obtain
2	1	necessary condition	something is required to get a certain outcome	a condition that must hold in order for something else to obtain
2	1	necessary condition	b is a necessary condition for a whenever a cannot occur without the occurrence of b	when a cannot occur without the occurrence of b, b is this
2	1	necessary condition	a condition without which another event cannot occur. it is like a prerequisite or requirement.	a condition that is required to be done, achieved, or present; needed; essential. the &"y&" within an if-then assertion.
3	1	necessary condition	-condition that must be present in order for an event to occur  -the condition represented by the consequent in a conditional statement	an event or circumstance whose occurrence is required in order for a sufficient condition to occur
2	1	code reuse	the benefit of using modules because you are writing code to a perform a task once and then reusing it each time you need to perform the task.	write a module once and use it in other places if wanted
2	1	code reuse	a benefit of using modules that helps to reduce the duplication of code within a program	code reuse involves writing code once, then using it over and over without having to make changes. functions are an important tool for code reuse.
2	1	code reuse	code that can be used for some future use, project, etc. typically better to write clean code that can be minimally modified/refactored in the future.	reusing someone else's code, which saves development time and money and adds security. however, attacks can exploit reused code.
2	1	code reuse	a benefit of using modules that helps to reduce the duplication of code within a program	write a module once and use it in other places if wanted
1	0	code reuse	reusing someone else's code, which saves development time and money and adds security. however, attacks can exploit reused code.	snippets of code that were previously used get put into new code to do same function speeds up process but may enter bring errors into new code
1	0	code reuse	code that can be used for some future use, project, etc. typically better to write clean code that can be minimally modified/refactored in the future.	snippets of code that were previously used get put into new code to do same function speeds up process but may enter bring errors into new code
3	1	code reuse	code reuse involves writing code once, then using it over and over without having to make changes. functions are an important tool for code reuse.	write a module once and use it in other places if wanted
2	1	mobile systems	are information systems that support users in motion. mobile system users can access the system from any place using any smart device.	information systems that support users in motion, access from any place.
0	0	mobile systems	- no support for swapping - flash memory instead of large hard disk - avoid swapping due to space constraint, due to limited number of writes to flash memory	system that typically does not support swapping
0	0	multiprocessor systems	systems which have two or more processors, each with a single-core cpu	systems with 2 or more processors in close communication sharing the computer bus, clock, memory, and peripherals
0	0	virtual organizations	organizations in which the product, the process, and the delivery agent are all digital	networks of independent companies, suppliers, customers, and manufacturers connected via information technologies so they can share skills and costs and have access to each other's markets
0	0	virtual organizations	internet-linked networks of value-adding subcontractors	organizations in which the product, the process, and the delivery agent are all digital; also called pureplay organizations
0	0	virtual organizations	organizations in which the product, the process, and the delivery agent are all digital	organizations that consist of diverse people, groups, and networks that are geographically dispersed and that rely on information and communication technologies for communication and coordination of activities.
0	0	virtual organizations	internet-linked networks of value-adding subcontractors	networks of independent companies, suppliers, customers, and manufacturers connected via information technologies so they can share skills and costs and have access to each other's markets
1	0	feature selection	within any supervised learning algorithm. make a decision to ignore all or some features.	an extraction method that selects bands that best assist in discriminating classes that reduces redundant spectral info
0	0	feature selection	select minimal set of features where probability distribution of the predicted class is close to the one obtained by all the features	attentionally selecting things based on physical property (color, shape, size) &  feature selected for pops out in visual field
2	1	feature selection	selecting the most useful features to train on among existing features	feature selection is selecting the best features from given features by eliminating redundant features.
2	1	feature selection	selecting the best feature by eliminating irrelevant/ redundant features.	selecting the most useful features to train on among existing features
3	1	feature selection	selecting the best feature by eliminating irrelevant/ redundant features.	feature selection is selecting the best features from given features by eliminating redundant features.
0	0	feature selection	-one of the initial stages of data mining  - the selection of attribute in your data that are most relevant to the predictive modeling program	1. make sure variables are reasonable/relevant 2. get familiar with the data through graphs and summaries 3. correlation analysis
1	0	feature selection	within any supervised learning algorithm. make a decision to ignore all or some features.	how we pick out good, useful features from the very large, perhaps infinite, collection of possible features.
1	0	digital images	-these kinds of images are a large collection of individual pixels organized in a matrix of rows and column	made of pixels more pixels gives higher resolution and better quality high resolution requires a larger memory storage image files are bitmaps or vectors
1	0	base station	-acts like a hub; other stations send network traffic to it, which it broadcasts out for all stations to receive -wap (wireless access point)	- responsible for sending and receiving data to/from host - each host associated with one (within coverage of it, relays data to larger network through it)
1	0	base station	typically connected to wired network   ex. cell towers, 802.11 access points	a network's centrally located wireless access point that interprets incoming radio frequencies and routes communications to the appropriate devices.
1	0	base station	a fixed transceiver and antenna used to create one cell within a cellular network.	serves each cell in allocating a band of frequencies consisting of transmitter, receiver, and control unit.
0	0	base station	fixed two way radio	any radio hardware containing a transmitter and receiver that is located in a fixed place.
1	0	base station	a network's centrally located wireless access point that interprets incoming radio frequencies and routes communications to the appropriate devices.	- responsible for sending and receiving data to/from host - each host associated with one (within coverage of it, relays data to larger network through it)
1	0	base station	any radio hardware containing a transmitter and receiver that is located in a fixed place.	fixed two way radio located in base defense operation centers  (bdoc)
0	0	base station	typically connected to wired network   ex. cell towers, 802.11 access points	-acts like a hub; other stations send network traffic to it, which it broadcasts out for all stations to receive -wap (wireless access point)
2	1	integrity constraints	model domain environment model based constraints - domain - null - key - referential integrity  semantic constraints -managed by the application	domain constraint  key constraint
0	0	integrity constraints	rules limiting acceptable values and actions whose purpose is to facilitate maintaining the accuracy and integrity of the database	rules limiting acceptable values of data and actions that can be performed on a database
3	1	integrity constraints	-primary key values must be unique -primary key values cannot be null -foreign key values must exist in the primary key of the referenced relations.	primary key values must be unique and cannot be null, foreign key values must exist in primary key of referenced relations (referential integrity) and may be null
2	1	integrity constraints	rules to ensure quality of info	rules that help ensure the quality of the information in a relational database
3	1	integrity constraints	-rules limiting acceptable values of data and actions that can be performed on a database -purpose is to maintain the accuracy and integrity of data in a database	rules limiting acceptable values and actions whose purpose is to facilitate maintaining the accuracy and integrity of the database
2	1	integrity constraints	business rules that we allow our information system to enforce for us	business rules that we allow our information system to enforce. lets us maintain the integrity of our data
2	1	integrity constraints	constraints that provide a way of ensuring that changes made to the database by authorized users do not result in a loss of data consistency	rules limiting acceptable values and actions whose purpose is to facilitate maintaining the accuracy and integrity of the database
2	1	integrity constraints	constraints that provide a way of ensuring that changes made to the database by authorized users do not result in a loss of data consistency	rules limiting acceptable values of data and actions that can be performed on a database
3	1	integrity constraints	conditions that must hold on all valid relation instances	conditions that the records in a relation must satisfy
1	0	conceptual models	sets of concept that address phenomena	represent a less formal attempt to explain phenomena than theories, deal with abstractions, assembled in a coherent scheme
1	0	conceptual models	sets of concept that address phenomena	represent a less formal attempt to explain phenomena than theories  deal with abstractions, assembled in a coherent scheme  ex: pender's health promotion model
0	0	conceptual models	a high level description of how a system works and is organised.	mental models of rhings formed through experience, training, instruction
1	0	conceptual models	provide a schematic representation of some relationships among phenomena	use symbols or diagrams to represent an idea
1	0	conceptual models	-consist of interrelated concepts -represent a less formal attempt to explain phenomena than theories  -can generate hypotheses   based on middle-range theories	represent a less formal attempt to explain phenomena than theories deal with abstractions, assembled in a coherent scheme examples include pender's health promotion model and theory of planned behavior
2	1	conceptual models	use symbols or diagrams to represent an idea	is a set of interrelated concepts that symbolically represents mental image or phenomena
1	0	conceptual models	provide a schematic representation of some relationships among phenomena	is a set of interrelated concepts that symbolically represents mental image or phenomena
0	0	conceptual models	a verbal or graphical explanation of how a system works or is organized  design model --&gt; system image -- user's model	designer's model may not match user's model  users get model from experience &  usage, only work with system image
1	0	conceptual models	-set of abstract general concepts assembled to address a phenomena  -represent a less formal attempt than theories to explain phenomena -do not have formal propositions about relationships among phenomena	-consist of interrelated concepts -represent a less formal attempt to explain phenomena than theories  -can generate hypotheses   based on middle-range theories
3	1	conceptual models	represent a less formal attempt to explain phenomena than theories, deal with abstractions, assembled in a coherent scheme	-consist of interrelated concepts -represent a less formal attempt to explain phenomena than theories  -can generate hypotheses   based on middle-range theories
1	0	conceptual models	sets of concept that address phenomena	-consist of interrelated concepts -represent a less formal attempt to explain phenomena than theories  -can generate hypotheses   based on middle-range theories
0	0	conceptual models	- integrates all external views, comprehensive, global; logical design, sw and hw independent   - even more comprehensive than external  - type of logical model	focus on logical nature of data (er models)
1	0	social context	relationship of speaker and listener or the audience and the expectations involved in that relation; relation to physical context	relationship between participants
1	0	social context	relationship between participants	relationship of speaker and listener or the audience and the expectations involved in that relationship
3	1	social context	relationship of speaker and listener or the audience and the expectations involved in that relation; relation to physical context	relationship of speaker and listener or the audience and the expectations involved in that relationship
0	0	social context	facilitates or hinders learning	may facilitate cognitive functioning by structuring and mediating the learning environment
2	1	product line	the sum of related individual product items	a group of closely related product items viewed as a unit because of marketing, technical, or end-use considerations
0	0	product line	a group of closely-related product items ( beware   of   cannibalization )	a group of closely related product items viewed as a unit because of marketing, technical, or end-use considerations
2	1	product line	a group of closely-related product items ( beware   of   cannibalization )	the sum of related individual product items
0	0	product line	a group of product that are closely related because they function in a similar manner and are sold to the same customer group (line of vans shoes).	a group of products linked through usage, customer profile, price points, and distribution channels or needs satisfaction
1	0	java virtual machine	a program that interprets java bytecode and converts it to native machine code for the processor	jvm  - program needed to run java byte code  - comes with mac - acts like a computer
1	0	java virtual machine	the term in which it has an acronym of javavm	it interprets bytecode for program execution
2	1	virtual world	a world that exists in cyberspace where people can establish avatars, purchase land, and interact with others.	is an online world where you can meet and interact with other people or computer players.
2	1	virtual world	a virtual world is a computer-based online community environment that is designed and shared by individuals so that they can interact in a custom-built, simulated world	a computer generated environment
1	0	virtual world	&"computer based simulated environment&" and it is widely used by nowadays. it's a technique in which virtual 3d environment is generated which looks very much real to the users.	a simulated environment designed for users to interact via avatars p. 313
0	0	virtual world	a world that exists in cyberspace where people can establish avatars, purchase land, and interact with others.	this is an unreal world which does not exist in the real world.
1	0	virtual world	&"computer based simulated environment&" and it is widely used by nowadays. it's a technique in which virtual 3d environment is generated which looks very much real to the users.	a computer generated environment
1	0	virtual world	a simulated environment designed for users to interact via avatars p. 313	a computer generated environment
2	1	virtual world	this is an unreal world which does not exist in the real world.	is an online world where you can meet and interact with other people or computer players.
0	0	design principles	perception, memory, decision, design standards (like safety diagram standards)	broad ideas about the practice of design, as well as rules and hints about how to best use specific user interface and interaction design idioms.
0	0	design principles	quality designs have: - abstraction - modularity: couping and cohesion - information hiding - simplicity - hierarchy	abstraction, encapsulation, modularity, hierarchy
0	0	design principles	understanding the design elements of form, texture and color and the way they influence hairstyles allows designers to explore different arrangement patterns that can be created with them.	the rules that describe how designers might put together various design elements to create an aesthetic finished product. balance/symmetry, rhythm/pattern, movement, harmony, contrast, emphasis, proportion/scale, and unity.
1	0	design principles	the way of using design elements together	broad ideas about the practice of design, as well as rules and hints about how to best use specific user interface and interaction design idioms.
2	1	design principles	scale, proportion, ballance, movement, rhythm, emphasis, unity with variety	are balance/symmetry, rhythm/pattern, movement, harmony, contrast, emphasis, proportion/scale, and unity.
1	0	design principles	-program to an interface and not to implementation -encapsulate variation; open to extension, close to modification -favor object composition over inheritance -delegate responsibilities	1. program to an interface, not an implementation  2. identify the aspects of the application that vary
0	0	design principles	the way of using design elements together	evaluate the existing design, collect data, and guide the design process
2	1	design principles	balance, proportion, dominance, rhythm, contrast, harmony, variety, unity	are balance/symmetry, rhythm/pattern, movement, harmony, contrast, emphasis, proportion/scale, and unity.
0	0	design principles	1) unity and variety 2) balance 3) emphasis and subordination 4) directional forces 5) contrast 6) repetition and rhythm 7) scale and proportion	are balance/symmetry, rhythm/pattern, movement, harmony, contrast, emphasis, proportion/scale, and unity.
1	0	design principles	evaluate the existing design, collect data, and guide the design process	broad ideas about the practice of design, as well as rules and hints about how to best use specific user interface and interaction design idioms.
1	0	design principles	understanding the design elements of form, texture and color and the way they influence hairstyles allows designers to explore different arrangement patterns that can be created with them.	the rules that describe how designers might put together various design elements to create an aesthetic finished product.
0	0	design principles	balance, proportion, dominance, rhythm, contrast, harmony, variety, unity	1) unity and variety 2) balance 3) emphasis and subordination 4) directional forces 5) contrast 6) repetition and rhythm 7) scale and proportion
1	0	design principles	evaluate the existing design, collect data, and guide the design process	perception, memory, decision, design standards (like safety diagram standards)
3	1	design principles	generalizable abstractions intended to orient designers toward thinking about different aspects of design	generalizable abstractions for thinking about different aspects of design
1	0	design principles	1) unity and variety 2) balance 3) emphasis and subordination 4) directional forces 5) contrast 6) repetition and rhythm 7) scale and proportion	scale, proportion, ballance, movement, rhythm, emphasis, unity with variety
1	0	design principles	balance: formal balance, informal balance movement  proportion white space (isolation) contrast clarity and simplicity unity continuity	consistency center of interest  balance harmony/ unity contrast rhythm  directional movement perspective  variety
1	0	design principles	the way of using design elements together	-design to fit all ----design for adjustability ----provide different sizes -design for extremes  ----inclusion ----exclusion -cost effective accommodation ----design for range 5th-95th ----increasingly common is 1st to 99th
1	0	design principles	-design to fit all ----design for adjustability ----provide different sizes -design for extremes  ----inclusion ----exclusion -cost effective accommodation ----design for range 5th-95th ----increasingly common is 1st to 99th	broad ideas about the practice of design, as well as rules and hints about how to best use specific user interface and interaction design idioms.
1	0	design principles	-design to fit all ----design for adjustability ----provide different sizes -design for extremes  ----inclusion ----exclusion -cost effective accommodation ----design for range 5th-95th ----increasingly common is 1st to 99th	evaluate the existing design, collect data, and guide the design process
1	0	design principles	balance: formal balance, informal balance movement  proportion white space (isolation) contrast clarity and simplicity unity continuity	balance proportion rhythm emphasis unity
0	0	design principles	- proper structure of individual tables to manage data redundancy - consistency of information between tables to manager referential integrity.	-must become a business expert -poor relational database design -&gt; system failure -proper design accurately reflects the organization's business rules. -relational database design is both an art and science.
1	0	design principles	-design to fit all ----design for adjustability ----provide different sizes -design for extremes  ----inclusion ----exclusion -cost effective accommodation ----design for range 5th-95th ----increasingly common is 1st to 99th	perception, memory, decision, design standards (like safety diagram standards)
0	0	design principles	balance: formal balance, informal balance movement  proportion white space (isolation) contrast clarity and simplicity unity continuity	are balance/symmetry, rhythm/pattern, movement, harmony, contrast, emphasis, proportion/scale, and unity.
0	0	design principles	the way of using design elements together	perception, memory, decision, design standards (like safety diagram standards)
0	0	design principles	balance: formal balance, informal balance movement  proportion white space (isolation) contrast clarity and simplicity unity continuity	scale, proportion, ballance, movement, rhythm, emphasis, unity with variety
2	1	design principles	are balance/symmetry, rhythm/pattern, movement, harmony, contrast, emphasis, proportion/scale, and unity.	balance proportion rhythm emphasis unity
1	0	access methods	sequential access and direct access - relative block numbers allow os to decide where file should be placed	sequential access (based on tape model)  direct access (based on disk model)
3	1	access methods	sequential access, direct access	sequential access (based on tape model)  direct access (based on disk model)
0	0	hierarchical model	early database model shaped like upside down tree with each record called segment	the relationships between records from tree like structure
1	0	hierarchical model	an early database model based on an upside-down tree structure in which each record is called a  segment .	the relationships between records from tree like structure
0	0	hierarchical model	restricted network model. built like a family tree.	dbs model that uses trees as building blocks. ideal for one to many (1:m) relationships. languages in this model are somewhat hard to learn.
2	1	hierarchical model	a early database model whose basic concepts and characteristics formed the basis for subsequent database development	developed to manage data for complex manufacturing projects. basic logical structure is represented by an upside-down tree
3	1	hierarchical model	early database model shaped like upside down tree with each record called segment	an early database model based on an upside-down tree structure in which each record is called a  segment .
1	0	security protocols	provide a variety of security services such as the encryption of data. this is to ensure confidentiality, data integrity, and can provide end-point authentication	ssl (secure sockets layer) tls (transport layer security)
2	1	security protocols	rules followed in a security application (ssl, ipsec)	provide a variety of security services such as the encryption of data. this is to ensure confidentiality, data integrity, and can provide end-point authentication
0	0	security protocols	sets of rules and standards that allow computers to exchange information such that the information is not visible to those who are not allowed to view it.	rules followed in a security application (ssl, ipsec)
0	0	security protocols	sets of rules and standards that allow computers to exchange information such that the information is not visible to those who are not allowed to view it.	wired equivalent privacy (wep), wi-fi protected access (wpa), 802.11i (wpa2, also newest/most secure), mac address filtering (permits owner to provide a list of mac addresses)
0	0	security protocols	sets of rules and standards that allow computers to exchange information such that the information is not visible to those who are not allowed to view it.	provide a variety of security services such as the encryption of data. this is to ensure confidentiality, data integrity, and can provide end-point authentication
0	0	security protocols	ssl (secure sockets layer) tls (transport layer security)	wired equivalent privacy (wep), wi-fi protected access (wpa), 802.11i (wpa2, also newest/most secure), mac address filtering (permits owner to provide a list of mac addresses)
1	0	security protocols	sets of rules and standards that allow computers to exchange information such that the information is not visible to those who are not allowed to view it.	ssl (secure sockets layer) tls (transport layer security)
2	1	security protocols	provide a variety of security services such as the encryption of data. this is to ensure confidentiality, data integrity, and can provide end-point authentication	wired equivalent privacy (wep), wi-fi protected access (wpa), 802.11i (wpa2, also newest/most secure), mac address filtering (permits owner to provide a list of mac addresses)
1	0	security protocols	rules followed in a security application (ssl, ipsec)	wired equivalent privacy (wep), wi-fi protected access (wpa), 802.11i (wpa2, also newest/most secure), mac address filtering (permits owner to provide a list of mac addresses)
1	0	security protocols	rules followed in a security application (ssl, ipsec)	ssl (secure sockets layer) tls (transport layer security)
0	0	leaf nodes	predicted class	gives a classification that applies to all of the instances to reach the leaf
2	1	leaf nodes	(also called terminal nodes) of the tree contain an output variable (y) which is used to make a prediction	last nodes in tree
1	0	formal methods	used in developing computer systems are mathematically based techniques for describing system properties	mathematically-based techniques used to prove a program is correct
0	0	formal methods	mathematically-based techniques for describing system properties - also known as formal description techniques (fdts)	mathematically-based techniques used to prove a program is correct
0	0	formal methods	mathematically based techniques for describing system properties	mathematically-based techniques used to prove a program is correct
3	1	formal methods	mathematically-based techniques for describing system properties - also known as formal description techniques (fdts)	used in developing computer systems are mathematically based techniques for describing system properties
2	1	formal methods	mathematically-based techniques for specifying and developing reliable systems; used for high security and safety purposes	the use of &"mathematically rigorous techniques and tools for the specification, design and verification of software and hardware systems&"
1	0	software agents	perform tasks for users like calendaring functions and e-mail list management.	a program that performs information gathering, information filtering, and/or mediation on behalf of a person or entity
1	0	software agents	perform tasks for users like calendaring functions and e-mail list management.	a program that performs information gathering, information filtering on behalf of a person
2	1	software agents	a program that performs information gathering, information filtering on behalf of a person	a program that performs information gathering, information filtering, and/or mediation on behalf of a person or entity. synonymous with intelligent software agent
2	1	software agents	a program that performs information gathering, information filtering on behalf of a person	a program that performs information gathering, information filtering, and/or mediation on behalf of a person or entity
0	0	software agents	perform tasks for users like calendaring functions and e-mail list management.	a program that performs information gathering, information filtering, and/or mediation on behalf of a person or entity. synonymous with intelligent software agent
2	1	type inference	compiler looks at code and infers type. let compiler infer if it is obvious, if not declare it.	allows the compiler to deduce the proper type for you automatically, instead of you having to say it.
2	1	type inference	variables don't need explicit statements about their type unlike in java. haskell can automatically tell that 1 is of type int.	allows the compiler to deduce the proper type for you automatically, instead of you having to say it.
3	1	type inference	swift uses this to determine the type of any identifier using the context given whether explicit or implicit.	swift uses this term to work out an object's type from the available information, even when the name of the type isn't explicitly put into words in code.
2	1	type inference	used to determine the type of the result of the expression evaluation	translator infers the types of variables based on the operations used
2	1	embedded systems	part of a larger mechanical or electrical system e.g. a washing machine controller	placing a computer inside of another appliance to control it such as the computer in a microwave or car
3	1	embedded systems	computer system with a dedicated function within a larger electrical or mechanical system. often stripped versions.	a computer system with a dedicated function within a larger electrical or mechanical system. examples include smart tvs, hvac, atms and printers.
3	1	embedded systems	a computer system inside another system which uses a micro-controller eg microwave and dishwasher	computers built into other devices example: dishwasher, fridge freezer often control systems dedicated to a single task
1	0	embedded systems	systems within systems. possibly a single-purpose for specific functionality used in a larger system.	systems that are included with other systems
1	0	embedded systems	computer systems built into other devices with a dedicated function	a computer system that is built into another larger device
2	1	embedded systems	part of a larger mechanical or electrical system e.g. a washing machine controller	a computer system inside another system which uses a micro-controller eg microwave and dishwasher
2	1	embedded systems	computer system with a dedicated function within a larger electrical or mechanical system. often stripped versions.	hardware and software systems that have a specific function within a larger system.
3	1	embedded systems	hardware and software systems that have a specific function within a larger system.	a computer system with a dedicated function within a larger electrical or mechanical system. examples include smart tvs, hvac, atms and printers.
0	0	embedded systems	purpose-built device   not usually to have direct access   alarm system, door security, timecard system	have embedded operating systems in the. must be up to date and patched. point of sale (pos) terminals to thermostats.
1	0	embedded systems	-computers built in another device  -control systems -monitor and control machinery (eg dishwasher embedded system could control temp) -dedicated to single task	part of a larger mechanical or electrical system e.g. a washing machine controller
0	0	embedded systems	computer implemented as part of a larger system.  ex: network attached/enabled devices: printers, hvac controllers, medical devices, smart appliances	purpose-built device   not usually to have direct access   alarm system, door security, timecard system
3	1	embedded systems	computer system with a dedicated function within a larger electrical or mechanical system. often stripped versions.	a computer hardware and software contained within a larger system designed for a specific function
1	0	embedded systems	computer system hidden inside another device, such as a car engine management system.	have embedded operating systems in the. must be up to date and patched. point of sale (pos) terminals to thermostats.
2	1	embedded systems	a computer hardware and software contained within a larger system designed for a specific function	hardware and software systems that have a specific function within a larger system.
1	0	embedded systems	computer system hidden inside another device, such as a car engine management system.	purpose-built device   not usually to have direct access   alarm system, door security, timecard system
2	1	embedded systems	-computers built in another device  -control systems -monitor and control machinery (eg dishwasher embedded system could control temp) -dedicated to single task	computers built into other devices example: dishwasher, fridge freezer often control systems dedicated to a single task
2	1	embedded systems	placing a computer inside of another appliance to control it such as the computer in a microwave or car	a computer system inside another system which uses a micro-controller eg microwave and dishwasher
0	0	embedded systems	involve using specialized chips within devices that contain oss themselves and are therefore self-contained computers. with the growing iot, embedded systems create management challenges and can be difficult to patch.	involves using embedded chips that contain the os itself. the growth of the internet of things (iot) further complicates the challenges.
3	1	embedded systems	-computers built in another device  -control systems -monitor and control machinery (eg dishwasher embedded system could control temp) -dedicated to single task	computer systems built into larger systems for control or other purposes. for example, a cnc (computer numeric control) router includes a computer that controls the cutting process.
3	1	embedded systems	part of a larger mechanical or electrical system e.g. a washing machine controller	computer systems built into larger systems for control or other purposes. for example, a cnc (computer numeric control) router includes a computer that controls the cutting process.
2	1	embedded systems	placing a computer inside of another appliance to control it such as the computer in a microwave or car	computers built into other devices example: dishwasher, fridge freezer often control systems dedicated to a single task
3	1	embedded systems	computer systems built into other devices with a dedicated function	usually built into other devices and are dedicated systems
2	1	embedded systems	computer systems built into other devices with a dedicated function	computer system with a dedicated function within a larger mechanical system
1	0	embedded systems	computer implemented as part of a larger system.  ex: network attached/enabled devices: printers, hvac controllers, medical devices, smart appliances	computer system hidden inside another device, such as a car engine management system.
2	1	embedded systems	a computer system that forms part of an electronic device. for a single task. very limited programming ability - only its designed function	a computer system designed to do one specific purpose.
2	1	embedded systems	-computers built in another device  -control systems -monitor and control machinery (eg dishwasher embedded system could control temp) -dedicated to single task	placing a computer inside of another appliance to control it such as the computer in a microwave or car
2	1	embedded systems	computer systems built into larger systems for control or other purposes. for example, a cnc (computer numeric control) router includes a computer that controls the cutting process.	computers built into other devices example: dishwasher, fridge freezer often control systems dedicated to a single task
2	1	embedded systems	a computer system that is built into another larger device	usually built into other devices and are dedicated systems
3	1	embedded systems	hardware and software systems that have a specific function within a larger system.	a computer system with a dedicated function within a larger electrical or mechanical system.
3	1	embedded systems	computer systems built into larger systems for control or other purposes. for example, a cnc (computer numeric control) router includes a computer that controls the cutting process.	placing a computer inside of another appliance to control it such as the computer in a microwave or car
0	0	embedded systems	computer implemented as part of a larger system.  ex: network attached/enabled devices: printers, hvac controllers, medical devices, smart appliances	have embedded operating systems in the. must be up to date and patched. point of sale (pos) terminals to thermostats.
0	0	application programs	applications that are processed on either client or server computers	define the ways in which the system resources are used to solve the computer problems of the users (compilers, database systems, video games, business programs)
0	0	application programs	software designed to serve a specific set of requirements with a specific set or type of data. erpcrm, word, excel	define the ways in which the system resources are used to solve the computer problems of the users (compilers, database systems, video games, business programs)
3	1	application programs	a computer program that interacts with the database by issuing an appropriate request (typically an sql statement) to the dbms.	a computer program that interacts with the database by issuing an appropriate request to dbms
3	1	application programs	software designed to serve a specific set of requirements with a specific set of type of data ex. microsoft, powerpoint, google docs	software designed to serve a specific set of requirements with a specific set or type of data. erpcrm, word, excel
1	0	application programs	programs written to accomplish certain tasks	perform a specific task ex: word processors, spreadsheets, games -operating system runs application programs
2	1	application programs	performs a specific task- word processors, spreadsheets and games	programs written to accomplish certain tasks
3	1	application programs	performs a specific task- word processors, spreadsheets and games	perform a specific task ex: word processors, spreadsheets, games -operating system runs application programs
1	0	application programs	store, maintain, and/or use database data to accomplish business and system tasks	provide security, data consistency, and special purpose processing
1	0	application programs	software using the data	software designed to serve a specific set of requirements with a specific set of type of data ex. microsoft, powerpoint, google docs
1	0	application programs	software using the data	define the ways in which the system resources are used to solve the computer problems of the users (compilers, database systems, video games, business programs)
1	0	application programs	software designed to serve a specific set of requirements with a specific set of type of data ex. microsoft, powerpoint, google docs	define the ways in which the system resources are used to solve the computer problems of the users (compilers, database systems, video games, business programs)
0	0	application programs	software using the data	applications that are processed on either client or server computers
1	0	application programs	software using the data	software designed to serve a specific set of requirements with a specific set or type of data. erpcrm, word, excel
3	1	application programs	programs used to interact with database	computer programs that are used to create and maintain the database
2	1	declarative language	knowledge base is created and queries then determine facts of a problem or set of data.	often used by intelligent systems. a knowledge base is used that contains a series of related facts and rules.
2	1	declarative language	simplify data access by requiring that users only specify what data they want to access without defining how access will be achieved	a language that allows users to state what data is needed rather than how it is retrieved
1	0	declarative language	simplify data access by requiring that users only specify what data they want to access without defining how access will be achieved	definitions to specify what has to be accomplished
1	0	network security	the security of computers or devices that are part of a network infrastructure	-how bad guys can attack computer networks -how we can defend networks against attacks -how to design architectures that are immune to attack
0	0	network security	the term used to describe how hard it is to access network data &  accounts without authorisation	is very important consideration i the digital age . use passwords as a means of security
2	1	network security	a subset of communications security and cyber security; the protection of voice and data networking components, connections, and content	consists of security services that allocate access, distribute, monitor, and protect the underlying resource services
0	0	network security	a subset of communications security and cyber security; the protection of voice and data networking components, connections, and content	establishing security by controlling access between internal and external entities. can be through routers, switches, security hardware/software, encryption and idss
2	1	network security	all the security measures and policies taken to protect a system or network	ensures the protection of data and networks and must be integral in their design
1	0	network security	commonly used tech to ensure network safety	ensures the protection of data and networks and must be integral in their design
1	0	network security	- ensures the protection of data and networks - must be integral in the design of systems and networks - security should be planned, not an &"afterthought&"	all the security measures and policies taken to protect a system or network
1	0	network security	-mac limiting and filtering -802.1x -disabling unused interfaces &  application service ports -rogue machine detection	mac address filtering discourage casual user from accessing your network, but vulnerable to hackers. should combine both encryption and authentication tech using wpa2 standard (strong password)
1	0	network security	- ensures the protection of data and networks - must be integral in the design of systems and networks - security should be planned, not an &"afterthought&"	commonly used tech to ensure network safety
2	1	network security	all the security measures and policies taken to protect a system or network	commonly used tech to ensure network safety
3	1	network security	any protection of access, misuse or hacking of files in a computer network.	protection of the access to files and directories in a computer network against hacking, misuse and unauthorized changes to the system
1	0	parameter estimation	the process of using sample information to compute an interval that describes the range of parameter such as the population mean or the population percentage.	this is when an investigator tries to determine the actual characteristics of the population, based on measuring a subset of the population.
2	1	parameter estimation	- used to estimate a population parameter (mean, proportion, or differnce in mean between 2 groups)	a characteristic of a population (e.g., the mean age of all canadian citizens).
1	0	visual cues	1) position 2) length 3) angle 4) direction 5) shape 6) area 7) volume 8) color 9) shade	used when introducing a new skill allows athlete to see what is required to execute the skill and the result of their performance.
3	1	visual cues	body language, reading gestures, and facial expression	gestures- arms crossed; facial expressions- smiling; eye contact
0	0	visual cues	size and scale, weight, case, width, italics, numbers, punctuation, space, paragraph settings, use of multiple typefaces	used when introducing a new skill allows athlete to see what is required to execute the skill and the result of their performance.
1	0	intellectual property	trademarks, copyrights, patents, design rights, circuit layout rights, trade secrets	creations of the mind and may include copyrights, trademarks, patents, industrial design rights, and trade secrets.
2	1	intellectual property	the original, creative work of an artist or inventor and may include such things as songs, novels, artistic designs, and inventions	property developed from creations of the mind such as inventions and literary and artistic works.
1	0	intellectual property	the intangible property that includes the products of creation, thought or invention.	the intangible property created by individuals or corporations, which is protected under trade secret, patent, and copyright laws.
2	1	intellectual property	a unique product or idea created by an individual or organization, and that generally has commercial value	a unique product or idea created by either a single person or an entire organization.
0	0	intellectual property	an asset of an organization such as a unique business process or customer data. patents, drug formulas, engineering plans, etc.	work that is the result of creativity
2	1	intellectual property	ideas put into action, like writing, music, art, photography, computer programs. these can be protected under copyright or patent laws.	content or ideas created by an individual or entity, for example, music, photos, narration, text, and designs
0	0	intellectual property	patent holders identified by the us patent office are credited for having invented new devices or discovered new ways to do things	property developed from creations of the mind such as inventions and literary and artistic works.
1	0	intellectual property	property created from an original though or idea	ideas put into action, like writing, music, art, photography, computer programs. these can be protected under copyright or patent laws.
0	0	intellectual property	patent holders identified by the us patent office are credited for having invented new devices or discovered new ways to do things	the ownership of intangible and non-physical goods. this includes ideas, names, designs, symbols, artwork, writings, and other creations.
2	1	intellectual property	creations of the mind such as; inventions, designs, aritstic work etc	a work or invention that is the result of creativity, including manuscripts or design
1	0	intellectual property	the original, creative work of an artist or inventor and may include such things as songs, novels, artistic designs, and inventions	patent holders identified by the us patent office are credited for having invented new devices or discovered new ways to do things
2	1	intellectual property	an asset at the center of many organizations.	sensitive data such as patents, source code, formulas or engineering plans - often the center of many organizations
3	1	intellectual property	consists of anything an individual has written or created. it might be music, text, pictures, photographs, sounds, and so on.	consists of anything an individual has written or created music, pictures, photos, sounds, etc,
2	1	intellectual property	a work or invention that is the result of creativity, including manuscripts or design	the ownership of intangible and non-physical goods. this includes ideas, names, designs, symbols, artwork, writings, and other creations.
2	1	intellectual property	a property right that can be protected under law. it is characterized as non- physical property that is the product of original thought.	creations of the mind for which ownership rights are legally recognized.
0	0	intellectual property	creations of the mind for which ownership rights are legally recognized.	property in the creations of your own mind
3	1	intellectual property	laws that give individuals control over things they have created such as books, songs, and movies	government protects private property with laws that give individuals control over books, songs, movies they have created
0	0	intellectual property	a product of the intellect, the fruits of mental labour, such as an expressed idea or concept, that has commercial value. covered under copyright act 1968	property in the creations of your own mind
1	0	intellectual property	intangible property that is the product of one's mind (mental creativity) and not one's hands (physical effort).	intangible creative work that is embodied in physical form
1	0	intellectual property	intangible property (knowledge) created by an individual/organisation. (e.g. literary works, music, video, art, designs, inventions, trademarks.	original creations of the mind that can be protected by law; literary and artistic works, designs, symbols, images, names, etc.
3	1	intellectual property	a legal term that refers to creation of the mind. intellectual property can be protected through patents, trademarks, or copyrights	refers to creations of the mind- can be protected through patents, trademarks or copyrights.
2	1	intellectual property	a product of the intellect, such as an expressed idea or concept, that has commercial value and has been copyrighted.	something produced by the intellect or mind that has commercial value
2	1	intellectual property	any intangible asset that consists of human knowledge and ideas.	intangible rights protecting the products of human intelligence and creation
2	1	intellectual property	property created from an original though or idea	content or ideas created by an individual or entity, for example, music, photos, narration, text, and designs
2	1	intellectual property	the original, creative work of an artist or inventor and may include such things as songs, novels, artistic designs, and inventions	a work or invention that is the result of creativity, including manuscripts or design
1	0	intellectual property	patent holders identified by the us patent office are credited for having invented new devices or discovered new ways to do things	creations of the mind such as; inventions, designs, aritstic work etc
3	1	intellectual property	refers to any property that is created using original thought. traditional intellectual property include patents, copyrights, and trademarks.	refers to any property that is created using original thought. include patents, copyrights, and trademarks.
3	1	intellectual property	intangible creations of the mind protected by legal rights. namely:  • trade secrets, copyrights, patents, and trademarks	intangible creative work that is considered an asset. trade secrets licensing copyright trademark patent
0	0	intellectual property	unique information relevant to products and services offered by the business. such as code for a piece of software sold by the business.	work that is the result of creativity
3	1	intellectual property	a work or invention that is the result of creativity, including manuscripts or design	property developed from creations of the mind such as inventions and literary and artistic works.
1	0	intellectual property	the original, creative work of an artist or inventor and may include such things as songs, novels, artistic designs, and inventions	the ownership of intangible and non-physical goods. this includes ideas, names, designs, symbols, artwork, writings, and other creations.
2	1	intellectual property	the intellectual property code of the philippines (also, known as the ip code) - the overall law protecting copyrights and all kinds of intellectual property creations including patents and trademarks.	is a legal umbrella covering protections that involve copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, and patents for &"creations of the mind&" developed by people or businesses
2	1	intellectual property	the original, creative work of an artist or inventor and may include such things as songs, novels, artistic designs, and inventions	creations of the mind such as; inventions, designs, aritstic work etc
3	1	intellectual property	intangible property that is the result of creativity (such as patents or trademarks or copyrights).	a category of property that includes intangible creations of the human intellect, and primarily encompasses copyrights, patents, and trademarks.
2	1	intellectual property	a property right that can be protected under law. it is characterized as non- physical property that is the product of original thought.	a product of the intellect, the fruits of mental labour, such as an expressed idea or concept, that has commercial value. covered under copyright act 1968
2	1	log files	journaled entries that provide details of who logged onto the system, when, and what they accessed.	records that detail who logged on
2	1	log files	records that detail who logged on to the system, when they did, and what info or resources they used. valuable tool to deetect, prevent, and monitor access to a system.	journaled entries that provide details of who logged onto the system, when, and what they accessed.
3	1	data acquisition	this is achieved through the input of standard coded formats (e.g, the use of bar codes) to facilitate the rapid mechanical reading and capturing of data	refers to the generation and collection of data through the input standard coded formats to assist in faster mechanical reading and capturing of data
1	0	data acquisition	this involves both the generation and the collection of accurate, timely, and relevant data	collecting, gathering
1	0	data acquisition	sampling of real world facts and figures to generate data that can be manipulated by a computer	concentrates on putting data into the computer. data can be created or preexisting data can be acquired
1	0	data acquisition	captures discrete measurements of the continuous physical properties; individual data readings from a continuous analog signal; connected to a digital form/signal	the process of x-rays striking the detector and being converted from analog to digital signal.
1	0	database systems	data is an organizational resource that is used by and managed for the entire organization, not just the originating department	good data from related applications is  pooled together in logically related files  and can be  accessed by multiple applications  through a database
1	0	database systems	data is information that can be recorded and has a known meaning  database is an organized collection of logically related data that are typically - persistant, shared, interelated	good data from related applications is  pooled together in logically related files  and can be  accessed by multiple applications  through a database
1	0	database systems	data is an organizational resource that is used by and managed for the entire organization, not just the originating department	data is information that can be recorded and has a known meaning  database is an organized collection of logically related data that are typically - persistant, shared, interelated
2	1	database systems	logically related data stored in a single logical data  repository, dbms eliminates most of file system's problems, current generation dbms software	logically related data stored in a single logical data repository current generation dbms software
1	0	performance requirements	operational characteristics related to measures of workload, such as throughput and response time	interaction between user and system in less than 2 seconds (speed, compatibility, reliability)
0	0	performance requirements	the requirements that describe operational characteristics related to measures of workload, such as throughput and response time	interaction between user and system in less than 2 seconds (speed, compatibility, reliability)
0	0	performance requirements	speed: classic performance quantifier that is most often measured by task completion time  accuracy  precision	quantitative or qualitative measures of system function, how well did the product perform
1	0	performance requirements	regulate development by setting the desired goals to be achieved by regulation rather than regulating how those community goals are met	a statement of measurable function that the design must live up to in order for the goals to be reached
1	0	web application	a computer program that runs in a web browser.	a software application that is installed on a web server and delivered to users through the internet.
3	1	web application	application software that is accessed and used from within a browser.	a software application that requires nothing more than a browser.
1	0	web application	a software application that is installed on a web server and delivered to users through the internet.	software that runs on a remote internet server rather than on a person's own personal computer.
0	0	web application	-runs through a web browser -not self contained -web apps are are limited by the capability of the browser  -much slower than native browsers due to browser reliance	a web application (or &"web app&" for short) is any computer program that performs a specific function by using a web browser as its client.
1	0	web application	an application without platform constraints or installation requirements that is accessed through a web browser over a network such as an intranet or the internet.	a program that resides on a server on the internet, rather than a user's device, and is run through a web browser. see also native app.
1	0	web application	software programs that use both the client and the server over the internet so the user can do something	a program that resides on a server on the internet, rather than a user's device, and is run through a web browser.
0	0	web application	a software application that requires nothing more than a browser. also called a thin-client application.	an application where part or all of the software is downloaded from the web each time it is running.
3	1	web application	a program that resides on a server on the internet, rather than a user's device, and is run through a web browser.	software that runs on a remote internet server rather than on a person's own personal computer.
3	1	web application	designed to run within a computer browser; chrome &  firefox	designed to run within a specific browser (i.e. chrome, firefox, opera, internet explorer) and can run on any type of computer
2	1	web application	designed to run within a computer browser such as firefox or chrome (aka thin-client apps)	(thin client application) designed to run within a computer browser such as firefox, chrome, opera, or edge. they run within the browser and can run on any type of computer
3	1	web application	designed to run within a computer browser; chrome &  firefox	designed to run within a computer browser such as firefox or chrome (aka thin-client apps)
1	0	web application	software programs that use both the client and the server over the internet so the user can do something	web site that allows users to access and interact with software from any device or computer that is connected to the internet
1	0	web application	a computer program that runs in a web browser.	software that runs on a remote internet server rather than on a person's own personal computer.
3	1	web application	web site that allows users to access and interact with software through a web browser on any computer or device that is connected to the internet. see also web app.	is a web site that allows users to access and interact with software from any computer or device that is connected to the internet
0	0	web application	web site that allows users to access and interact with software from any device or computer that is connected to the internet	software that runs on a remote internet server rather than on a person's own personal computer.
2	1	web application	a thin-client application (app is processed on the server) designed to run in a devices web browser	thin-client application, designed to run within a computer browser, and therefore can run on any type of computer (typically).
0	0	web application	an application without platform constraints or installation requirements that is accessed through a web browser over a network such as an intranet or the internet.	a web application (or &"web app&" for short) is any computer program that performs a specific function by using a web browser as its client.
1	0	web application	a thin-client application (app is processed on the server) designed to run in a devices web browser	is designed to run within a computer browser -thin client application  -open source-firefox
2	1	web application	an application where part or all of the software is downloaded from the web each time it is running.	a software application that requires nothing more than a browser.
2	1	web application	a computer program that runs in a web browser.	web site that allows users to access and interact with software from any device or computer that is connected to the internet
3	1	web application	(thin client application) designed to run within a computer browser such as firefox, chrome, opera, or edge. they run within the browser and can run on any type of computer	designed to run within a specific browser (i.e. chrome, firefox, opera, internet explorer) and can run on any type of computer
2	1	web application	software programs that use both the client and the server over the internet so the user can do something	a computer program that runs in a web browser.
0	0	web application	software programs that use both the client and the server over the internet so the user can do something	software that runs on a remote internet server rather than on a person's own personal computer.
1	0	web application	an application without platform constraints or installation requirements that is accessed through a web browser over a network such as an intranet or the internet.	-runs through a web browser -not self contained -web apps are are limited by the capability of the browser  -much slower than native browsers due to browser reliance
0	0	web application	a software application that is installed on a web server and delivered to users through the internet.	web site that allows users to access and interact with software from any device or computer that is connected to the internet
1	0	web application	a program that resides on a server on the internet, rather than a user's device, and is run through a web browser.	a computer program that runs in a web browser.
2	1	web application	a software application that requires nothing more than a browser. also called a thin-client application.	application software that is accessed and used from within a browser.
0	0	user interface	the way in which a user interacts with a computer system converts what the user inputs to a form that the computer can understand and vise versa	one of the main functions of the operating system - provides a way for the user to see what is happening in the device and to control it.
3	1	user interface	the part of an operating system that controls how you enter and receive information.	the part of the operating system that you see and with which you interact.
1	0	user interface	type of interface that allows user to interact with information system	allows end user to interact with the data
0	0	user interface	hardware, software, or both, that allow a user to interact with and perform operations on a system, program, or device.	the way a user interacts with a computer program
1	0	user interface	- allows user to get software and hardware to do something useful - provides: 1) command-line interface 2) graphical user interface (gui)	allows the user to interact with the computer. there are three types: command line interface, graphical user interface and menu interface
1	0	user interface	the component of a computer system that allows bidirectional communication between the system and its user.	one of the main functions of the operating system - provides a way for the user to see what is happening in the device and to control it.
2	1	user interface	the way in which a user interacts with a computer system	part of the operating system that enables individuals to interact with the computer.  • gui • cli • menu-based systems
2	1	user interface	the part of the computer system with which the user interacts in order to use the system and achieve his or her goal.	the visual platform that a user interacts with, which then sends a message to the operating system for what to do next.
3	1	user interface	the part of the operating system that allows you to communicate with it so you can load programs, access files, and accomplish other tasks	that part of an operating system or other program that allows users to communicate with it to load programs, access files, and accomplish other computing tasks
3	1	user interface	the component of a computer system that allows bidirectional communication between the system and its user.	the way in which a user interacts with a computer system converts what the user inputs to a form that the computer can understand and vise versa
1	0	user interface	the part of an operating system that controls how you enter and receive information.	the element of the operating system that allows people to access and interact with the computer system.
1	0	user interface	the method by which an operating system allows the user to interact (control) the computer system. dictates how the user inputs commands and views the results.	the method via which a user interacts with an operating system.
3	1	user interface	is the portion of the application that allows you to control and to interact with the program	you control and interact with a program using this
3	1	user interface	allows interaction between the user and the program	allows communication between the software and the user
3	1	user interface	the element of the operating system that allows people to access and interact with the computer system.	the part of the operating system that you see and with which you interact.
2	1	user interface	controls the way data and instructions are entered (input) into the computer  how the computer presents information on the screen (output)	the way the user tells the software what to do and how the computer displays information and options to the user.
0	0	user interface	describes how users interact with a computer system and is the key to usability	all components of a system that provides information and controls for the user to accomplish specific tasks with the system
0	0	user interface	allows the user to interact with the computer. there are three types: command line interface, graphical user interface and menu interface	how the user and a computer system interact, in particular the use of input devices and software. eg a graphical user interface (gui) or command line interface
1	0	user interface	helps users to interact with application programs and with the operating system by using windows, buttons, menus, icons, the mouse, and the keyboard	-way user interacts with computer -desktop, icons, and menus
1	0	user interface	the part of the computer system with which the user interacts in order to use the system and achieve his or her goal.	all components of a system that provides information and controls for the user to accomplish specific tasks with the system
1	0	user interface	the part of a system that allows a user to interact with it.	describes how users interact with a computer system and is the key to usability
2	1	user interface	- allows user to get software and hardware to do something useful - provides: 1) command-line interface 2) graphical user interface (gui)	how the user and a computer system interact, in particular the use of input devices and software. eg a graphical user interface (gui) or command line interface
1	0	user interface	the way a user interacts with a computer program	an app refers to how a person (user) interacts with the computer or app.
2	1	user interface	the method by which an operating system allows the user to interact (control) the computer system. dictates how the user inputs commands and views the results.	the way in which a user interacts with a computer system converts what the user inputs to a form that the computer can understand and vise versa
2	1	user interface	the part of a system that allows a user to interact with it.	everything that the end user comes in contact with, to the user  interface is the system
1	0	user interface	it is a channel between human and computer interaction, where a user interacts with and controls a computer or machine to complete tasks effectively and efficiently.	a set of protocols and techniques for exchanging information between a computerized application and its human user.
1	0	user interface	facilitates communication between users and the computer system	part of the operating system that enables individuals to interact with the computer.  • gui • cli • menu-based systems
2	1	user interface	is an interface which enables a human to interact with a machine. set of hardware and software control enabling users to interact with computer devices.	the set of hardware and software controls that enables a user to interact with a computer device.
1	0	user interface	the method via which a user interacts with an operating system.	the way in which a user interacts with a computer system converts what the user inputs to a form that the computer can understand and vise versa
2	1	user interface	the means by which computers and users interact. through it, the computer accepts your input and presents you with output.	the way the user tells the software what to do and how the computer displays information and options to the user.
1	0	user interface	the part of a system that allows a user to interact with it.	the visual platform that a user interacts with, which then sends a message to the operating system for what to do next.
1	0	user interface	provides means for the user to interact with their computer	provides user an intuitive visual overview
3	1	user interface	hardware and software that enables users and computers to him interact. includes hardware, such as the monitor, mouse, keyboard, and software mechanisms, such as, menus, into a bars.	is an interface which enables a human to interact with a machine. set of hardware and software control enabling users to interact with computer devices.
1	0	user interface	everything that the end user comes in contact with, to the user  interface is the system	all components of a system that provides information and controls for the user to accomplish specific tasks with the system
3	1	user interface	allows individuals to access and command the computer system	the element of the operating system that allows you to access and command the computer system
3	1	user interface	the visual elements that a user must interact with to control a computer	the visual elements of an program through which a user controls or communications the application. often abbreviated ui.syst
3	1	user interface	the desktop, icons, and menus that let you communicate with your computer	-way user interacts with computer -desktop, icons, and menus
2	1	user interface	allows the user to interact with the computer. there are three types: command line interface, graphical user interface and menu interface	the means by which the user and a computer system interact, in particular the use of input devices and software.
1	0	user interface	the part of computer application through which a user interacts with a program	the way a user interacts with a computer program
1	0	user interface	the part of a system that allows a user to interact with it.	all components of a system that provides information and controls for the user to accomplish specific tasks with the system
3	1	user interface	hardware and software that enables users and computers to him interact. includes hardware, such as the monitor, mouse, keyboard, and software mechanisms, such as, menus, into a bars.	the set of hardware and software controls that enables a user to interact with a computer device.
1	0	user interface	the way in which a user interacts with a computer system	facilitates communication between users and the computer system
0	0	user interface	this is the part of an expert system that the user can interact with to enter data and receive results.	describes how users interact with a computer system and is the key to usability
1	0	user interface	this is the part of an expert system that the user can interact with to enter data and receive results.	the visual platform that a user interacts with, which then sends a message to the operating system for what to do next.
3	1	user interface	the desktop, icons, and means that let you communicate with your computer	the features of the program such as the desktop, icons, and menus that allow the user to communicate with the computer system
2	1	user interface	this is the part of an expert system that the user can interact with to enter data and receive results.	all components of a system that provides information and controls for the user to accomplish specific tasks with the system
2	1	user interface	the way users interact with software.	how the user communicates with the operating system, computer, and/or application.
2	1	user interface	the desktop, icons, and menus that let you communicate with your computer	helps users to interact with application programs and with the operating system by using windows, buttons, menus, icons, the mouse, and the keyboard
3	1	user interface	the means by which the user and a computer system interact, in particular the use of input devices and software.	the means by which users give commands to the computer and receive the results of processing. example: graphic user interfaces or command line interfaces.
2	1	user interface	the part of computer application through which a user interacts with a program	an app refers to how a person (user) interacts with the computer or app.
1	0	user interface	- allows user to get software and hardware to do something useful - provides: 1) command-line interface 2) graphical user interface (gui)	the means by which the user and a computer system interact, in particular the use of input devices and software.
2	1	user interface	what the user sees and hears from the system.	bi and ba systems make it easy to visually display data, thereby making it easy to quickly understand information on a variety of computing devices.
1	0	user interface	the component of a computer system that allows bidirectional communication between the system and its user.	the method via which a user interacts with an operating system.
1	0	user interface	hardware, software, or both, that allow a user to interact with and perform operations on a system, program, or device.	an app refers to how a person (user) interacts with the computer or app.
2	1	user interface	allows users to interact with application programs and computer hardware	how the user communicates with the operating system, computer, and/or application.
0	0	user interface	user commands for the operating system	most operating system use a graphic user interface , or gui and running application.
0	0	user interface	this is the part of an expert system that the user can interact with to enter data and receive results.	everything that the end user comes in contact with, to the user  interface is the system
2	1	user interface	is an interface which enables a human to interact with a machine. set of hardware and software control enabling users to interact with computer devices.	the interface features through which users interact with the hardware and software of computers and other electronic devices.
1	0	user interface	describes how users interact with a computer system and is the key to usability	everything that the end user comes in contact with, to the user  interface is the system
3	1	user interface	- allows user to get software and hardware to do something useful - provides: 1) command-line interface 2) graphical user interface (gui)	the means by which users give commands to the computer and receive the results of processing. example: graphic user interfaces or command line interfaces.
3	1	user interface	the means by which a person is able to control a computer's software and hardware e.g. gui, cli.	user interface is where a person controls a software application or hardware device.
2	1	user interface	the method by which an operating system allows the user to interact (control) the computer system. dictates how the user inputs commands and views the results.	one of the main functions of the operating system - provides a way for the user to see what is happening in the device and to control it.
2	1	user interface	the visual platform that a user interacts with, which then sends a message to the operating system for what to do next.	everything that the end user comes in contact with, to the user  interface is the system
0	0	user interface	the way users interact with software.	allows users to interact with application programs and computer hardware
2	1	user interface	the part of the computer system with which the user interacts in order to use the system and achieve his or her goal.	everything that the end user comes in contact with, to the user  interface is the system
0	0	user interface	the visual platform that a user interacts with, which then sends a message to the operating system for what to do next.	all components of a system that provides information and controls for the user to accomplish specific tasks with the system
1	0	user interface	mechanism through which users interact with a computing device	allows end user to interact with the data
3	1	user interface	the means by which the user and a computer system interact, in particular the use of input devices and software.	how the user and a computer system interact, in particular the use of input devices and software. eg a graphical user interface (gui) or command line interface
2	1	user interface	describes how users interact with a computer system. consists of all the hardware, software, screens, menus, functions, outputs, and features that affect two-way communications between the user and the computer	the space where interactions between humans and computers occur  includes hardware, software, databases, and networks (from module 1) but focuses on input &  output devices
3	1	user interface	mechanism through which users interact with a computing device	type of interface that allows user to interact with information system
2	1	user interface	the part of computer application through which a user interacts with a program	hardware, software, or both, that allow a user to interact with and perform operations on a system, program, or device.
1	0	conceptual model	explanation fo how something works  resides in minds of users (mental model)  mismatch = undesired effect	a verbal or graphical explanation of how a system works or is organized. this is done with tables and the relations they hold to each other.
2	1	conceptual model	an explanation, usually highly simplified, of how something works.	a verbal or graphical explanation of how a system works or is organized. this is done with tables and the relations they hold to each other.
1	0	conceptual model	ideas assembled in coherent scheme more loosely structured explanations than theories used to generate hypotheses	deals with abstractions (concepts), assembled in a coherent scheme
0	0	conceptual model	integrates all external views (entities, relationships, constraints, and processes) into a single global view of the data	symbolic model in order to understand and analyze the properties of the system, graphical symbols, abstract documentation of existing or conceived reality
2	1	conceptual model	all systems have a conceptual model of how to use them. this is the true manual of how the features can be used. eg a manual	a verbal or graphical explanation for how a system works or is organized (ex. desktop, car cockpit)
0	0	conceptual model	this data model defines what the system contains.  a conceptual data model identifies the highest-level relationships between the different entities.	high level data model, how users perceive the data
1	0	conceptual model	a verbal representation of a system that uses concepts and ideas to form said representation (not a physical model) often includes similies &  analogies	a conceptual model is the mental model that people carry of how something should be done.
1	0	conceptual model	the logical structure of the entire database	- represents global view of the entire database - independent of both software and hardware (changes don't affect conceptual level of database design)
2	1	conceptual model	a model that is descriptive, it describes how something works	a way to show how something works that is descriptive in nature
0	0	conceptual model	symbolic model in order to understand and analyze the properties of the system, graphical symbols, abstract documentation of existing or conceived reality	global view of the database by the entire organization and designers, is independent of software and hardware, only using a representation of the database to convey the design concepts
2	1	conceptual model	representation of an idea or body of knowledge based on the own understanding or perception of a person or researcher on a certain topic, phenomena, or theory	a framework made up of ideas for explaining and studying a phenomenon of interest, conveying a particular perception of the world.
2	1	conceptual model	definition: a model that uses ideas and drawings to show or explain how a system works    example: a map is a conceptual model.	an idea, drawing or diagram that shows how something works (2d)
0	0	conceptual model	integrates all external views (entities, relationships, constraints, and processes) into a single global view of the data	global view of the database by the entire organization and designers, is independent of software and hardware, only using a representation of the database to convey the design concepts
1	0	conceptual model	this model is a verbal or graphical explanation of how a system works or is organized. (it may entail mathematics, words, drawings or computer representations of how something works.)	a conceptual model is the mental model that people carry of how something should be done.
1	0	conceptual model	integrates all external views (entities, relationships, constraints, and processes) into a single global view of the data	represents a global view of an entire db by an entire organization. a.k.a conceptual schema. most widely used model is er with erd graphics.
0	0	conceptual model	deals with interrelated abstractions (or concepts) based on relevance to common theme - more loosely structured than theories - do not link concepts in logical, seductive systems	interrelated concepts or abstractions assembled together in a rational scheme by virtue of their relevance to a common theme; sometimes called conceptual framework
1	0	conceptual model	-deals with abstractions, assembled in a coherent scheme -represents a more loosely structured attempt to explain phenomena than theories -can serve as springboards for generating hypotheses	- represent less formal attempt to explain phenomena than theories  - deal with abstractions, assembled in a coherent scheme
3	1	conceptual model	a set of abstract and general concepts that are assembled to address a phenomenon of interest. sometimes referred to as theoretical framework or conceptual framework.	set of abstract and general concepts that are assembled to address a phenomenon of central interest
3	1	conceptual model	explaination, usually highly simplified of how something works. does not have to be complete or accurate, as long as it still works	- an explanation, usually highly simplified of how something works  - doesn't have to be complete or even accurate as long as it's useful  - aka mental model
1	0	conceptual model	definition: a model that uses ideas and drawings to show or explain how a system works    example: a map is a conceptual model.	can be understood through words or drawings
2	1	conceptual model	the symbolic representation of empiric experience in words, pictorial, or graphic diagram, mathematical notations or physical material	symbolic representation of a theory, shown through diagrams, words or mathematical notation
3	1	conceptual model	provides a formalism for capturing what is important in the real world   using entity types, attributes, and relationship types	a. provides a formalism for capturing what is important in the real world b. constructs  - entity - attribute - entity type - relationship type
1	0	conceptual model	representation of a system, made of the composition of concepts which are used to help people know, understand, or simulate a subject the model represents	a conceptual model is the mental model that people carry of how something should be done.
1	0	conceptual model	a set of abstract and general concepts and propositions that integrate those concepts with meaningful configuration.	deals with interrelated abstractions (or concepts) based on relevance to common theme - more loosely structured than theories - do not link concepts in logical, seductive systems
0	0	conceptual model	symbolic model in order to understand and analyze the properties of the system, graphical symbols, abstract documentation of existing or conceived reality	represents a global view of an entire db by an entire organization. a.k.a conceptual schema. most widely used model is er with erd graphics.
1	0	conceptual model	scientists develop in their minds,taking form in the mind, like an idea, explanation, or image	a model in the user's head of how the object operates. the system image should reflect the underlying model.
2	1	conceptual model	-deals with abstractions, assembled in a coherent scheme -represents a more loosely structured attempt to explain phenomena than theories -can serve as springboards for generating hypotheses	ideas assembled in coherent scheme more loosely structured explanations than theories used to generate hypotheses
3	1	conceptual model	it represents a global view of the entire database by the entire organization.  conceptual model is independent of both software and hardware.	represents a global view of the entire database by the entire organization  software independent, hardware independent
0	0	conceptual model	the logical structure of the entire database	represents a global view of an entire db by an entire organization. a.k.a conceptual schema. most widely used model is er with erd graphics.
1	0	conceptual model	group of related ideas, statements or concepts	sets of concepts that address phenomena central to nursing in propositions that explain the relationship among them
0	0	conceptual model	the logical structure of the entire database	global view of the database by the entire organization and designers, is independent of software and hardware, only using a representation of the database to convey the design concepts
2	1	conceptual model	an attempt to understand a real-world system by identifying the core variables and saying something about how they are related, without attempting to specify numbers and equations.	a conceptual model is the mental model that people carry of how something should be done.
2	1	conceptual model	explains a phenomenon using assumptions and a philosophical stance. similar to theory but more abstract, generally not testable. connects concepts	broadly presents an understanding of a phenomena and reflects the assumptions of he model's designer
0	0	conceptual model	tie together many ideas to explain a phenomenon or event.	an explanation for how a system works or is organised so designers can straighten out their thinking before starting the project
3	1	conceptual model	- represents global view of the entire database - independent of both software and hardware (changes don't affect conceptual level of database design)	global view of the database by the entire organization and designers, is independent of software and hardware, only using a representation of the database to convey the design concepts
0	0	conceptual model	group of related ideas, statements or concepts	provide direction for a study and present nursing in relation to the four central metaparadigm concepts (person, environment, health, nursing)
1	0	conceptual model	representation of a system, made of the composition of concepts which are used to help people know, understand, or simulate a subject the model represents	an attempt to understand a real-world system by identifying the core variables and saying something about how they are related, without attempting to specify numbers and equations.
0	0	conceptual model	a data model, usually represented by an entity relationship diagram.	high level data model, how users perceive the data
0	0	conceptual model	an attempt to understand a real-world system by identifying the core variables and saying something about how they are related, without attempting to specify numbers and equations.	this model is a verbal or graphical explanation of how a system works or is organized. (it may entail mathematics, words, drawings or computer representations of how something works.)
1	0	conceptual model	a model that ties together many ideas to explain a phenomenon or event.  examples: water cycle, atomic model, germ theory	systems of ideas or are based on making comparisons with familiar things to explain an idea.
1	0	conceptual model	an attempt to understand a real-world system by identifying the core variables and saying something about how they are related, without attempting to specify numbers and equations.	a verbal representation of a system that uses concepts and ideas to form said representation (not a physical model) often includes similies &  analogies
0	0	conceptual model	representation of a system, made of the composition of concepts which are used to help people know, understand, or simulate a subject the model represents	this model is a verbal or graphical explanation of how a system works or is organized. (it may entail mathematics, words, drawings or computer representations of how something works.)
0	0	conceptual model	symbolic model in order to understand and analyze the properties of the system, graphical symbols, abstract documentation of existing or conceived reality	the logical structure of the entire database
0	0	conceptual model	soft systems model; transformations/achievements of user when using the system  consider what is involved in interaction with gui	the actual model that is given to the person through the design and interface of the actual product
2	1	conceptual model	set of highly abstract, related constructs that broadly explains phenomena of interest, expresses assumptions, and reflects a philosophical stance	broadly presents an understanding of a phenomena and reflects the assumptions of he model's designer
0	0	conceptual model	a model that uses ideas to suggest what a system is or how it works.	a model that is designed in your mind
1	0	conceptual model	an explanation, usually highly simplified, of how something works.	explanation fo how something works  resides in minds of users (mental model)  mismatch = undesired effect
0	0	knowledge acquisition	structured and unstructured documents, online expert networks, patterns in corporate data, knowledge workstations.	documenting tacit and explicit knowledge, creating knowledge, tracking data
1	0	knowledge acquisition	structured and unstructured documents, online expert networks, patterns in corporate data, knowledge workstations.	-documenting tacit and explicit knowledge  -creating knowledge  - tracking data from tps and external sources
1	0	search query	instructions to the search engine on what to look for	the terms entered into a search engine used to find relevant web pages and information
2	1	search query	instructions to the search engine on what to look for	single or multiple terms which are input by the user when performing a search on search engines.
2	1	search query	the terms entered into a search engine used to find relevant web pages and information	single or multiple terms which are input by the user when performing a search on search engines.
2	1	mobile device	a small, lightweight, power-conserving, computing device that is capable of wireless connectivity.	a device with a capability to run network-based applications over a cellular or satellite data link
1	0	mobile device	- a single, sealed unit - runs a specific mobile os (embedded system) - wireless connectivity (802.11, bluetooth, zigbee)	have less processing speed than desktop but measured in ghz. they also have less storage space. yes they are portable
2	1	mobile device	a small, lightweight, power-conserving, computing device that is capable of wireless connectivity.	small computing device capable of wireless connectivity
3	1	mobile device	handheld computers, such as smartphones or tablets.	device such as a smartphone or tablet computer
0	0	mobile device	small computing device capable of wireless connectivity	a small, lightweight device running a mobile operating system
0	0	mobile device	small computing device capable of wireless connectivity	a device with a capability to run network-based applications over a cellular or satellite data link
1	0	mobile device	a small, lightweight, power-conserving, computing device that is capable of wireless connectivity.	a small, lightweight device running a mobile operating system
1	0	mobile device	a small, lightweight device running a mobile operating system	a device with a capability to run network-based applications over a cellular or satellite data link
1	0	state information	recovery from failure can involve this about status of each remote request	data about a network connection that is typically kept in a state table. used to resume connections
0	0	state information	data about a network connection that is typically kept in a state table.	recovery from failure can involve this about status of each remote request
3	1	task performance	-universal term for occupation -includes adl, work, productive activities, education, leisure/play, social participation	-universal term used in place of occupation -tasks include adl, work, productive ax, education, leisure/play, &  social participation
2	1	task performance	-occurs when employees perform actions that transform raw materials into goods and services  -most obvious   -declarative knowledge -procedural knowledge and skill	occurs when employees perform actions that transform raw materials into goods and services when they have appropriate knowledge, skill and motivation (elements of job performance)
1	0	window size	as the protocol operates, this window slides forward over the sequence number space. for this reason, n is often referred to as	limits the number of frames transmitted before an ack is received
0	0	window size	the maximum allowed time span of any one element of the sequence	limits the number of frames transmitted before an ack is received
1	0	window size	as the protocol operates, this window slides forward over the sequence number space. for this reason, n is often referred to as	the amount of data that a tcp host declares it can store in its memory buffer send window: sending data receive window: receiving data
0	0	window size	the amount of data that a tcp host declares it can store in its memory buffer send window: sending data receive window: receiving data	the maximum allowed time span of any one element of the sequence
0	0	window size	the amount of data that a tcp host declares it can store in its memory buffer send window: sending data receive window: receiving data	limits the number of frames transmitted before an ack is received
1	0	window size	as the protocol operates, this window slides forward over the sequence number space. for this reason, n is often referred to as	the maximum allowed time span of any one element of the sequence
2	1	data transformation	-smoothing -aggregation -generalization -normalization	normalization and aggregation
3	1	data transformation	includes normalizing data, discretizing/aggregating data, and constructing new attributes	-normalize data -discretize/aggregate data -construct new attributes
0	0	data transformation	the process of consolidation data to be suitable for visualization and model generation	to transform and consolidate data into appropriate forms for mining process by performing summary or aggregation operations.
3	1	data transformation	transforms the data for storing it in the proper format or structure for the purposes of querying and analysis.	process of changing the data from their original form to a format suitable for performing a data analysis addressing research objectives.
1	0	classification method	this method evaluates jobs based on predetermined job grades.	whole job basis, predefined class descriptions. a job is placed in classification which best describes it. frequently used in public sector
1	0	power management	the process of balancing battery life against performance	monitors a laptop or mobile device's battery usage
1	0	power management	the ability to place computers and devices in low-power states when they are not being used.	to make a device use less power through various methods
0	0	geographic information systems	an info system which captures, stores, processes, and displays geographic information.	decision support systems designed to analyze spatial info. (location services)
1	0	geographic information systems	a system that merges maps and statistics to present data collected over different geographies	stores, views, and analyzes geographic data creating, multidimensional charts or maps
1	0	geographic information systems	a system that merges maps and statistics to present data collected over different geographies	computer programs that organizes, stores, analyzes, and displays geographic data. each layer of information is a thematic layer.
3	1	geographic information systems	a computer system that analyzes and displays geographic data. ex: mapping crimes	a computer program that stores geographic data and produces maps to show those data
1	0	geographic information systems	a computer system that analyzes and displays geographic data. ex: mapping crimes	a system that merges maps and statistics to present data collected over different geographies
1	0	geographic information systems	a system that merges maps and statistics to present data collected over different geographies	a computer program that stores geographic data and produces maps to show those data
1	0	geographic information systems	- captures, manages, analyzes, and displays multidimensional geographic data, also called geospatial data	a system that merges maps and statistics to present data collected over different geographies
0	0	design models	constantly consider the customer	identify actual physical principles
1	0	design models	- show the objects and object classes and relationships between these entities.	design or system models, as i discussed in chapter 5, show the objects or object classes in a system.
0	0	design models	alternatively or concurrently build prototype to test parameters	create engineering models and metric ranges
0	0	digital information	-can easily store -instant access to photos and movies -can send info	less susceptible to noise so analog info can be translated into digital using an a-to-d converter
2	1	cognitive load	the amount of a person's cognitive resources needed to carry out a particular cognitive task.	amount of mental active imposed on working memory
1	0	cognitive load	amount of mental active imposed on working memory	amount of mental resources required to perform a task
2	1	cognitive load	amount of information that a person can process at any given time	amount of working memory required to achieve a goal: 1. number of choices 2. amount of thought 3. confusion and choice
1	0	hierarchical structure	a method of structuring data so an individual element (a node) can link to other nodes, forming a series of one-to-many relationships	nodes with parent/child relationships with other related nodes leading to the root (or hub)
0	0	hierarchical structure	best for large sites or sites for potential growth	organize webpages into categories and subcategories by level of detail
0	0	hierarchical structure	nodes with parent/child relationships with other related nodes leading to the root (or hub)	used for structured, routine types of transaction processing
1	0	hierarchical structure	most commonly used section pages break up/organize content at different levels site map allows user to nav freely	the homepage links to pages dedicated to specific pages
3	1	hierarchical structure	structure where a single entity has several children like a pedigree	a structure, like a pedigree chart where a single entity has several children each of which can also have children
0	0	hierarchical structure	a method of structuring data so an individual element (a node) can link to other nodes, forming a series of one-to-many relationships	used for structured, routine types of transaction processing
1	0	hierarchical structure	most commonly used section pages break up/organize content at different levels site map allows user to nav freely	organize webpages into categories and subcategories by level of detail
2	1	public key	used for asymmetric encryption it is the key used to encrypt a message	an asymmetric encryption key that does not have to be protected.
1	0	public key	a key that is public and it's used to encrypt a message	involves the use of two values called keys, and is used to encrypt messages and decrypt messages.
3	1	public key	a value that can be used to encrypt a message; message can be decrypted only when combined w/ a mathematically-related private key	a value that can be used to encrypt a message. however, only when combined with a mathematically-related private key, can the message be decrypted. (symmetric)
1	0	public key	information produced using the private key but transformed in such a way that it's difficult to determine the private key	one of the keys used in asymmetric encryption systems. it is widely distributed and available to everyone.
0	0	public key	key encryption that uses two different keys relatively easy to distribute keys	part of a matched key pair used in asymmetric encryption. the public key is publicly available
0	0	public key	a key that is made available to whoever is going to encrypt the data sent to the holder of a private key.	one of the keys used in asymmetric encryption systems. it is widely distributed and available to everyone.
1	0	public key	value used in public key cryptography that is used for encryption and signature validation that can be known by all parties.	every user has a private key and a public key  encryption is done using a public key and decrypted using a private key  known as two-key/asymmetric-key cryptography
2	1	public key	a key that is made available to whoever is going to encrypt the data sent to the holder of a private key.	key encryption that uses two different keys relatively easy to distribute keys
3	1	public key	a value that can be used to encrypt a message; message can be decrypted only when combined w/ a mathematically-related private key	a value that can be used to encrypt a message. however, it can only be decrypted if combined with the private key (asymmetric).
1	0	public key	information produced using the private key but transformed in such a way that it's difficult to determine the private key	part of a matched key pair used in asymmetric encryption. the public key is publicly available
3	1	public key	a value that can be used to encrypt a message. however, it can only be decrypted if combined with the private key (asymmetric).	can be used to encrypt a message, but requires the private key to read it
3	1	public key	a value that can be used to encrypt a message. however, only when combined with a mathematically-related private key, can the message be decrypted. (symmetric)	a value that can be used to encrypt a message. however, it can only be decrypted if combined with the private key (asymmetric).
3	1	public key	a value that can be used to encrypt a message; message can be decrypted only when combined w/ a mathematically-related private key	can be used to encrypt a message, but requires the private key to read it
0	0	public key	a key that is public and it's used to encrypt a message	can be used to encrypt a message, but requires the private key to read it
1	0	public key	an encryption key, used in asymmetric cryptography, combined with a private key to effectively facilitate communication.	value used in public key cryptography that is used for encryption and signature validation that can be known by all parties.
1	0	public key	information produced using the private key but transformed in such a way that it's difficult to determine the private key	key encryption that uses two different keys relatively easy to distribute keys
2	1	public key	involves the use of two values called keys, and is used to encrypt messages and decrypt messages.	can be used to encrypt a message, but requires the private key to read it
1	0	public key	used to encrypt messages	can be distributed to anyone who wishes to send you a message and is used key to encrypt the data.
0	0	public key	a value that can be used to encrypt a message; message can be decrypted only when combined w/ a mathematically-related private key	involves the use of two values called keys, and is used to encrypt messages and decrypt messages.
1	0	public key	a value that can be used to encrypt a message. however, only when combined with a mathematically-related private key, can the message be decrypted. (symmetric)	involves the use of two values called keys, and is used to encrypt messages and decrypt messages.
3	1	public key	a public code linked to a corresponding private key.	a code used to encrypt/decrypt data that can be made public and is linked to a corresponding private key.
0	0	public key	information produced using the private key but transformed in such a way that it's difficult to determine the private key	a key that is made available to whoever is going to encrypt the data sent to the holder of a private key.
2	1	public key	a value that can be used to encrypt a message. however, it can only be decrypted if combined with the private key (asymmetric).	involves the use of two values called keys, and is used to encrypt messages and decrypt messages.
1	0	material properties	-bulk vs. surface properties -depends not only on composition but also on how molecules are arranged -intrinsic properties -extrinsic properties	1) mechanical properties that depend on material type only  2) stress strain
0	0	material properties	the different properties of a material such as the ambient component, diffuse component and specular component in the reflection-illumination model.	-bulk vs. surface properties -depends not only on composition but also on how molecules are arranged -intrinsic properties -extrinsic properties
2	1	material properties	1) mechanical properties that depend on material type only  2) stress strain	1) mechanical properties  2) physical properties
1	0	material properties	-bulk vs. surface properties -depends not only on composition but also on how molecules are arranged -intrinsic properties -extrinsic properties	1) mechanical properties  2) physical properties
1	0	logistic regression	allows prediction of a discrete outcome from a set of variables that may be discrete, continuous, dichotomous or a combo	1) binary or categorical variable 2) independent observations 3) chi-square test assumes sufficient numbers in each cell (&gt;=5)
0	0	logistic regression	predict probability of a categorical variable predict if something is true or false instead of a continuous measurement fit data into and s-curve logistic function	an algebraic function that is used to relate any and all independent variables to the expected dependent variable.
3	1	logistic regression	a type of regression model used to describe data and to explain the relationship between one dependent binary variable and one or more nominal, ordinal, interval or ratio-level independent variables.	used to describe data and to explain the relationship between one dependent binary variable and one or more nominal, ordinal, interval or ratio-level independent variables, for probability  e.g. exponential(.)/(1+exponential(.))
1	0	logistic regression	model where the dependent variable is categorical. estimates the probability of a relationship between a categorical variable and one or more independent variables	predict probability of a categorical variable predict if something is true or false instead of a continuous measurement fit data into and s-curve logistic function
1	0	logistic regression	allows prediction of a discrete outcome from a set of variables that may be discrete, continuous, dichotomous or a combo	an algebraic function that is used to relate any and all independent variables to the expected dependent variable.
2	1	logistic regression	estimates a probability that the outcome variable assumes a certain value	used when you want to use predictor variables but you don't have a discrete criterion variable; allows you to identify factors
1	0	logistic regression	variation of ordinary regression in which dependent variable is categorical   y=1 (suceess)  y=0 (failure)	estimates the probability of belonging to a category using a regression on the predictor variables
0	0	logistic regression	the outcome (dependent variable) has only a limited number of possible values... used when the response variable is of a categorical nature.	predict probability of a categorical variable predict if something is true or false instead of a continuous measurement fit data into and s-curve logistic function
0	0	logistic regression	-coeffs are estimated using a technique called maximum likelihood estimation	a method of classification: the model outputs the probability of a categorical target variable y belonging to a certain class.
2	1	logistic regression	can have categorical or continuous predictor variable, but has a categorical response variable.	describes the relationship between a categorical response variable and a set of predictor variables
0	0	logistic regression	pairwise regression. logistic probability unit (logit) is computed of the ratio of the probability of class a over class b. minimize the mean square error. maximize log-likelihood	outputs a value that corresponds to the probability of belonging to a class, used for classification
1	0	logistic regression	outputs a value that corresponds to the probability of belonging to a class, used for classification	-coeffs are estimated using a technique called maximum likelihood estimation
0	0	logistic regression	an algebraic function that is used to relate any and all independent variables to the expected dependent variable.	shows correlation and does not establish causation between independent predictor variable and dependent categorical variables
1	0	logistic regression	model where the dependent variable is categorical. estimates the probability of a relationship between a categorical variable and one or more independent variables	allows prediction of a discrete outcome from a set of variables that may be discrete, continuous, dichotomous or a combo
0	0	logistic regression	the dependent variable is dichotomous	predictive analysis for a dichotomous dependent (outcome) variable.
0	0	logistic regression	1) binary or categorical variable 2) independent observations 3) chi-square test assumes sufficient numbers in each cell (&gt;=5)	extends the ideas of linear regression to the situation where the dependent variable, y, is categorical. we can think of a categorical variable as dividing the observations into classes.
1	0	logistic regression	allows prediction of a discrete outcome from a set of variables that may be discrete, continuous, dichotomous or a combo	extends the ideas of linear regression to the situation where the dependent variable, y, is categorical. we can think of a categorical variable as dividing the observations into classes.
0	0	logistic regression	the outcome (dependent variable) has only a limited number of possible values... used when the response variable is of a categorical nature.	extends the ideas of linear regression to the situation where the dependent variable, y, is categorical. we can think of a categorical variable as dividing the observations into classes.
0	0	logistic regression	the outcome (dependent variable) has only a limited number of possible values... used when the response variable is of a categorical nature.	allows prediction of a discrete outcome from a set of variables that may be discrete, continuous, dichotomous or a combo
2	1	logistic regression	models the probability that y belongs to a particular category. always produces an s-shaped curve.	a method of classification: the model outputs the probability of a categorical target variable y belonging to a certain class.
0	0	logistic regression	estimates the probability of belonging to a category using a regression on the predictor variables  is variation of linear regression in which the dependent variable is categorical.	variation of ordinary regression in which dependent variable is categorical   y=1 (suceess)  y=0 (failure)
3	1	logistic regression	predicts the probability of a particular level of the target variable at the given value of the input variable  linear classification binary variables	-linear classification  -binary dependent variable  -predicts the probability of a particular level of a target variable at the given value of the input variable
0	0	logistic regression	extends the ideas of linear regression to the situation where the dependent variable, y, is categorical. we can think of a categorical variable as dividing the observations into classes.	shows correlation and does not establish causation between independent predictor variable and dependent categorical variables
0	0	logistic regression	the outcome (dependent variable) has only a limited number of possible values... used when the response variable is of a categorical nature.	1) binary or categorical variable 2) independent observations 3) chi-square test assumes sufficient numbers in each cell (&gt;=5)
2	1	logistic regression	predicting an outcome variable from multiple independent variables where the outcome variable is nominal, and the independent variables are nominal, interval, or ratio	a multivariate regression procedure that analyzes relationships between one or more independent variables and a categorical dependent variable.
1	0	logistic regression	-to estimate class probability -most efficient algorithm and requires minimum computation -model produces a numeric estimate, but the values of the target variable are categorical  -it is a classifier	builds linear model for transformed target variable, attempts of produce accurate probability estimates by maximizing probability of training data
1	0	logistic regression	special form of regression in which the dependent variable a nonmetric, dichotomous (binary) variable. although some differences exist, the general manner of interpretation is quite similar to linear regression.	special form of regression in which the dependent variable is a nonmetric binary variable
0	0	logistic regression	a nonlinear regression model that relates a set of explanatory variables to a dichotomous dependent variable (binary).	1 dependent variable (binary categorical variable), 2+ independent variable(s) (continuous or discrete variables)
1	0	logistic regression	analyzes relationships between a nominal level dependent variable and more than two independent variables yields an odds ratio	a multivariate regression procedure that analyzes relationships between one or more independent variables and a categorical dependent variable.
3	1	logistic regression	outputs a value that corresponds to the probability of belonging to a class, used for classification	a method of classification: the model outputs the probability of a categorical target variable y belonging to a certain class.
1	0	logistic regression	allows prediction of a discrete outcome from a set of variables that may be discrete, continuous, dichotomous or a combo	shows correlation and does not establish causation between independent predictor variable and dependent categorical variables
0	0	logistic regression	the outcome (dependent variable) has only a limited number of possible values... used when the response variable is of a categorical nature.	model where the dependent variable is categorical. estimates the probability of a relationship between a categorical variable and one or more independent variables
0	0	logistic regression	models the probability that y belongs to a particular category. always produces an s-shaped curve.	a type of generalized linear model in which the predicted values are probabilities
1	0	logistic regression	compares two groups or predictor variables dv=binary (yes/no) while controlling for confounding variables	predict the probability that an event will occur (categorical variables)  predicting students acceptance based on gpa above 3.0 and act above 25
0	0	logistic regression	pairwise regression. logistic probability unit (logit) is computed of the ratio of the probability of class a over class b. minimize the mean square error. maximize log-likelihood	a type of generalized linear model in which the predicted values are probabilities
1	0	logistic regression	outputs a value that corresponds to the probability of belonging to a class, used for classification	a type of generalized linear model in which the predicted values are probabilities
0	0	logistic regression	logistic regression is a statistical method for analyzing a data set in which there are one or more independent variables that determine an outcome  y is qualitative	used when you want to use predictor variables but you don't have a discrete criterion variable; allows you to identify factors
1	0	logistic regression	extends the ideas of linear regression to the situation where the dependent variable, y, is categorical. we can think of a categorical variable as dividing the observations into classes.	an algebraic function that is used to relate any and all independent variables to the expected dependent variable.
1	0	logistic regression	is a widely used statistical model that, in its basic form, uses a logistic function to model a binary dependent variable; many more complex extensions exist.	can be used to model the association bt 2 or more independent varibels and one dependent
1	0	logistic regression	approach that assigns a label to new data based on the odds that the data belongs to a certain category	use to estimate the probability that a sample belongs to a particular class
3	1	logistic regression	- a classification algorithm to assign observations to a discrete set of classes : (cat, dog, horse).  - generally, returns the probability of each class being the	approach that assigns a label to new data based on the odds that the data belongs to a certain category
0	0	logistic regression	pairwise regression. logistic probability unit (logit) is computed of the ratio of the probability of class a over class b. minimize the mean square error. maximize log-likelihood	-coeffs are estimated using a technique called maximum likelihood estimation
1	0	logistic regression	models the probability that y belongs to a particular category. always produces an s-shaped curve.	-coeffs are estimated using a technique called maximum likelihood estimation
0	0	logistic regression	1) binary or categorical variable 2) independent observations 3) chi-square test assumes sufficient numbers in each cell (&gt;=5)	predict probability of a categorical variable predict if something is true or false instead of a continuous measurement fit data into and s-curve logistic function
1	0	logistic regression	extends the ideas of linear regression to the situation where the dependent variable, y, is categorical. we can think of a categorical variable as dividing the observations into classes.	predict probability of a categorical variable predict if something is true or false instead of a continuous measurement fit data into and s-curve logistic function
1	0	logistic regression	models the probability that y belongs to a particular category. always produces an s-shaped curve.	outputs a value that corresponds to the probability of belonging to a class, used for classification
1	0	logistic regression	a type of generalized linear model in which the predicted values are probabilities	a method of classification: the model outputs the probability of a categorical target variable y belonging to a certain class.
0	0	logistic regression	1 dependent variable (binary categorical variable), 2+ independent variable(s) (continuous or discrete variables)	a nonlinear regression model that relates a set of explanatory variables to a dichotomous dependent variable. output is a probability estimate for binary variable.
1	0	logistic regression	logistic regression is a probabilistic statistical regression model which is used to model the relationship between predictor variables and categorical response or dependent variables	a type of regression analysis used for predicting the outcome of a categorical dependent variable based on one or more predictor variables.
0	0	logistic regression	the outcome (dependent variable) has only a limited number of possible values... used when the response variable is of a categorical nature.	an algebraic function that is used to relate any and all independent variables to the expected dependent variable.
3	1	logistic regression	a probabilistic regression model which is used to model the relationship between predictor variables and categorical response or dependent variables.	a type of regression analysis used for predicting the outcome of a categorical dependent variable based on one or more predictor variables.
0	0	logistic regression	pairwise regression. logistic probability unit (logit) is computed of the ratio of the probability of class a over class b. minimize the mean square error. maximize log-likelihood	models the probability that y belongs to a particular category. always produces an s-shaped curve.
1	0	logistic regression	estimates a probability that the outcome variable assumes a certain value	logistic regression is a statistical method for analyzing a data set in which there are one or more independent variables that determine an outcome  y is qualitative
0	0	logistic regression	model where the dependent variable is categorical. estimates the probability of a relationship between a categorical variable and one or more independent variables	extends the ideas of linear regression to the situation where the dependent variable, y, is categorical. we can think of a categorical variable as dividing the observations into classes.
0	0	logistic regression	model where the dependent variable is categorical. estimates the probability of a relationship between a categorical variable and one or more independent variables	an algebraic function that is used to relate any and all independent variables to the expected dependent variable.
0	0	logistic regression	model where the dependent variable is categorical. estimates the probability of a relationship between a categorical variable and one or more independent variables	1) binary or categorical variable 2) independent observations 3) chi-square test assumes sufficient numbers in each cell (&gt;=5)
0	0	logistic regression	the outcome (dependent variable) has only a limited number of possible values... used when the response variable is of a categorical nature.	shows correlation and does not establish causation between independent predictor variable and dependent categorical variables
0	0	logistic regression	statistical model used to study the relationship between independent and dependent variables when the dependent variable consists of binomial data.	predicting an outcome variable from multiple independent variables where the outcome variable is nominal, and the independent variables are nominal, interval, or ratio
2	1	logistic regression	logistic regression is a probabilistic statistical regression model which is used to model the relationship between predictor variables and categorical response or dependent variables	a probabilistic regression model which is used to model the relationship between predictor variables and categorical response or dependent variables.
3	1	logistic regression	- a classification algorithm to assign observations to a discrete set of classes : (cat, dog, horse).  - generally, returns the probability of each class being the	use to estimate the probability that a sample belongs to a particular class
3	1	logistic regression	predicts the probability of a particular level of the target variable at the given value of the input variable  linear classification binary variables	binary dependent variable  - predicts the probability of a particular level of the target variable at the given value of the input variable
0	0	logistic regression	pairwise regression. logistic probability unit (logit) is computed of the ratio of the probability of class a over class b. minimize the mean square error. maximize log-likelihood	a method of classification: the model outputs the probability of a categorical target variable y belonging to a certain class.
0	0	logistic regression	1) binary or categorical variable 2) independent observations 3) chi-square test assumes sufficient numbers in each cell (&gt;=5)	shows correlation and does not establish causation between independent predictor variable and dependent categorical variables
3	1	logistic regression	a nonlinear regression model that relates a set of explanatory variables to a dichotomous dependent variable (binary).	a nonlinear regression model that relates a set of explanatory variables to a dichotomous dependent variable. output is a probability estimate for binary variable.
0	0	logistic regression	predict probability of a categorical variable predict if something is true or false instead of a continuous measurement fit data into and s-curve logistic function	shows correlation and does not establish causation between independent predictor variable and dependent categorical variables
0	0	type system	common type system used to identify the data types you can use in a program	a set of types and the rules that govern their use in programs
0	0	type system	defines how a programming language classifies values and expressions into types, how it can manipulate those types and how they interact	a tractable syntactic method for proving the absence of certain program behaviours by classifying (program) phrases according to the kinds of values they compute
1	0	type system	common type system used to identify the data types you can use in a program	the set of rules for how objects can be used according to their types
3	1	type system	the set of rules for how objects can be used according to their types	a set of types and the rules that govern their use in programs
1	0	personal information	includes information that is classified or privileged	information that can personally identify someone, such as their name, email address or billing information, or other data which can be reasonably linked to such information.
0	0	personal information	any information from which the identity of an individual is apparent	includes information that is classified or privileged
0	0	personal information	includes information that is classified or privileged	- information that can certainly identify an individual
3	1	personal information	information that can personally identify someone, such as their name, email address or billing information, or other data which can be reasonably linked to such information.	- information that can certainly identify an individual
3	1	personal information	any information from which the identity of an individual is apparent	- information that can certainly identify an individual
2	1	personal information	information that can be used to identify you, such as your age, gender, how many brothers and sisters you have, your favorite food, address, telephone number, school, etc.	information that can't be used to identify you (example: your age, gender, how many siblings you have, favorite food, etc.)
2	1	personal information	any information from which the identity of an individual is apparent	information that can personally identify someone, such as their name, email address or billing information, or other data which can be reasonably linked to such information.
0	0	total cost	includes the expected and unexpected elements that increase the unit cost of a good, service, or piece of equipment	the path cost plus the search cost which is the time complexity but can including the space somplexity.
1	0	total cost	the sum of the fixed cost and variable cost at each level of output	because some costs can not be changed in the short run, total production costs are separated into fixed and variable costs
2	1	total cost	because some costs can not be changed in the short run, total production costs are separated into fixed and variable costs	the cost of all the inputs used by a firm, or fixed costs plus variable costs (tc=fc+vc)
1	0	total cost	the amount that the firm pays to buy inputs   the market value of the inputs a firm uses in production	the market value of the inputs a firm uses in production -sum of fixed and variable costs
2	1	exhaustive search	a search that continues until the test item is compared with all items in the memory set	a search for information in which each item in a set is examined, even after the target is found.
3	1	exhaustive search	a search of memory that continues to examine the remaining items in memory even after the target item has been found; contrasts with self-terminating search	one the continues to examine the remaining items in memory even after target is found
1	0	exhaustive search	assuming n features examine all (n d) subsets of size d select subset that performs best according to criterion function	goal: find parsimonious model (the simplest model that performs sufficiently well), higher predictive accuracy and more robust; all possible subsets of predictors assessed, computationally intensive, judged by &"adjusted r-squared&"
3	1	exhaustive search	a search of memory that continues to examine the remaining items in memory even after the target item has been found; contrasts with self-terminating search	a search for information in which each item in a set is examined, even after the target is found.
3	1	exhaustive search	a search that continues until the test item is compared with all items in the memory set	one the continues to examine the remaining items in memory even after target is found
2	1	exhaustive search	one the continues to examine the remaining items in memory even after target is found	a search for information in which each item in a set is examined, even after the target is found.
3	1	binary data	type of nominal variable that has only 2 possible values - ie gender, yes/no	data that can take only two different values (true/false, 0/1, black/white, on/off, etc.).
3	1	binary data	data that can take only two different values (true/false, 0/1, black/white, on/off, etc.).	categorical data that have two possible values -i.e. are yes/no or success/failure.
3	1	binary data	type of nominal variable that has only 2 possible values - ie gender, yes/no	categorical data that have two possible values -i.e. are yes/no or success/failure.
2	1	binary data	data is &"either/or&" or &"yes/no&". there are only two possible outcomes	data that can take only two different values (true/false, 0/1, black/white, on/off, etc.).
3	1	binary data	type of nominal variable that has only 2 possible values - ie gender, yes/no	data is &"either/or&" or &"yes/no&". there are only two possible outcomes
0	0	binary data	have few observations per covariate pattern. usually has more continuous variables in the model.	because the expected value must be between zero and one, link functions that force that to happen should be used. the logistic function is the most common choice.
3	1	binary data	data is &"either/or&" or &"yes/no&". there are only two possible outcomes	categorical data that have two possible values -i.e. are yes/no or success/failure.
0	0	holistic approach	linked with other scientific and social disciplines (geology, physics, law, economics etc.)	you cannot understand human beings without understanding the full range of the human phenomenon
1	0	holistic approach	you cannot understand human beings without understanding the full range of the human phenomenon	within traditional medicine, a manner of understanding health such that it encompasses all aspects - physical, mental, social, and spiritual - of a person's life.
2	1	knowledge management	a process that helps manipulate important knowledge that comprises part of the organisations memory, usually in an unstructured format	a process that helps organizations manipulate important knowledge that comprises part of the organization's knowledge/intellectual capital
1	0	knowledge management	doing what is needed to get the most out of knowledge resources. focuses on creating, sharing, and applying knowledge.	the way an organization identifies and leverages knowledge to be competitive  -act of creating value by using intellectual capital
1	0	knowledge management	responsible for creating and managing useful knowledge and making it available to authorized individuals who will use it to enhance organizational performance.	the process of creating, identifying, collecting, organizing, sharing, and using knowledge and knowledge sources for the benefit of the organization or business
1	0	knowledge management	maintaining a fact base about the organization; including benchmarks, and work processes and making these facts available to associates	business processes developed for creating, storing, transferring, and applying knowledge; can be a major source of profit and competitive advantage
0	0	knowledge management	a type of it-enabled organizational relationship that has important implications for both organizational learning and decision making.	focuses on processes designed to improve an organization's ability to capture, share and use tacit knowledge in a manner that will improve performance
2	1	knowledge management	- knowledge creation - knowledge dissemination - knowledge application &  integration - sources of competitive advantage	doing what is needed to get the most out of knowledge resources. focuses on creating, sharing, and applying knowledge.
3	1	knowledge management	managing tacit and explicit knowledge for reusing existing knowledge and creating new knowledge	this is aimed at both explicit and tacit types for two purposes: - reusing knowledge that already exists  - creating new knowledge
1	0	knowledge management	any structured activity that improves an organizations capacity to acquire, share, and use knowledge in ways that improve it's survival and success	the way an organization identifies and leverages knowledge to be competitive  -act of creating value by using intellectual capital
1	0	knowledge management	doing what is needed to get the most out of knowledge resources. focuses on creating, sharing, and applying knowledge.	the process of identifying, capturing, organizing, &  using knowledge assets to create + sustain competitive advantage
1	0	knowledge management	the process of creating, identifying, collecting, organizing, sharing, and using knowledge and knowledge sources for the benefit of the organization or business	maintaining a fact base about the organization; including benchmarks, and work processes and making these facts available to associates
0	0	knowledge management	any structured activity that improves an organizations capacity to acquire, share, and use knowledge in ways that improve it's survival and success	the process of identifying, capturing, organizing, &  using knowledge assets to create + sustain competitive advantage
0	0	knowledge management	- knowledge creation - knowledge dissemination - knowledge application &  integration - sources of competitive advantage	its purpose is to translate the hco's complete knowledge resource to improvement of its strategic performance
2	1	knowledge management	this system creates the process of sharing knowledge among people for the benefit of the business.	collaboration and sharing of information among employees or customers
1	0	knowledge management	a process that helps organizations manipulate important knowledge that comprises part of the organization's knowledge/intellectual capital	the process of creating an inclusive, comprehensive, easily accessible organizational memory, which is often called the organization's intellectual capital.
1	0	knowledge management	the process of creating an inclusive, comprehensive, easily accessible organizational memory, which is often called the organization's intellectual capital.	process that helps organizations manipulate important knowledge that comprises part of the organization's memory
3	1	knowledge management	includes the processes necessary to generate, capture, codify, integrate, and transfer knowledge across the organization to achieve competitive advantage	the processes necessary to capture, codify, and transfer knowledge across the organization to achieve competitive advantage
2	1	knowledge management	a process that helps manipulate important knowledge that comprises part of the organisations memory, usually in an unstructured format	the process of creating an inclusive, comprehensive, easily accessible organizational memory, which is often called the organization's intellectual capital.
2	1	knowledge management	the process of identifying, capturing, organizing, &  using knowledge assets to create + sustain competitive advantage	its purpose is to translate the hco's complete knowledge resource to improvement of its strategic performance
3	1	knowledge management	a process that helps manipulate important knowledge that comprises part of the organisations memory, usually in an unstructured format	(intellectual capital) is a process that helps organizations manipulate important knowledge that is part of the organizations memory, usually in an unstructured format.
3	1	knowledge management	refers to the set of business processes developed in an organization to create, store, transfer, and apply knowledge	the set of processes developed in an organization to create, gather, store, maintain, and disseminate the firm's knowledge.
1	0	knowledge management	doing what is needed to get the most out of knowledge resources. focuses on creating, sharing, and applying knowledge.	its purpose is to translate the hco's complete knowledge resource to improvement of its strategic performance
1	0	knowledge management	(intellectual capital) is a process that helps organizations manipulate important knowledge that is part of the organizations memory, usually in an unstructured format.	the process of creating an inclusive, comprehensive, easily accessible organizational memory, which is often called the organization's intellectual capital.
3	1	knowledge management	is a structured process for the generation,storage,distribution and application of personal experience along with knowledge evidence in organizations	structured process for the generation, storage, distribution, and application of both tacit knowledge (personal experience) and explicit knowledge (evidence).
1	0	knowledge management	- knowledge creation - knowledge dissemination - knowledge application &  integration - sources of competitive advantage	the way an organization identifies and leverages knowledge to be competitive  -act of creating value by using intellectual capital
2	1	knowledge management	(intellectual capital) is a process that helps organizations manipulate important knowledge that is part of the organizations memory, usually in an unstructured format.	process that helps organizations manipulate important knowledge that comprises part of the organization's memory
2	1	knowledge management	(intellectual capital) is a process that helps organizations manipulate important knowledge that is part of the organizations memory, usually in an unstructured format.	a process that helps organizations manipulate important knowledge that comprises part of the organization's knowledge/intellectual capital
1	0	knowledge management	a management strategy that promotes an integrated and collaborative approach to the process of information asset creation, capture, organization, access, and use	- process of creating, sharing, using and managing of knowledge and information in an organization - collaborative systems is useful
2	1	knowledge management	any structured activity that improves an organizations capacity to acquire, share, and use knowledge in ways that improve it's survival and success	doing what is needed to get the most out of knowledge resources. focuses on creating, sharing, and applying knowledge.
1	0	knowledge management	refers to the process of enhancing company performance by designing and implementing tools, processes, systems, structures, and cultures to improve the creation, sharing, and use of knowledge.	tools, processes, systems, structures, etc., to improve the creation, sharing, and use of knowledge
3	1	knowledge management	the process of creating, identifying, collecting, organizing, sharing, and using knowledge and knowledge sources for the benefit of the organization or business	business processes developed for creating, storing, transferring, and applying knowledge; can be a major source of profit and competitive advantage
2	1	knowledge management	responsible for creating and managing useful knowledge and making it available to authorized individuals who will use it to enhance organizational performance.	business processes developed for creating, storing, transferring, and applying knowledge.
2	1	linear programming	is a method to achieve the best outcome (such as maximum profit or lowest cost) in a mathematical model whose requirements are represented by linear relationships	strategy for finding the optimum value - either maximum or minimum - of a linear function that is subject to certain constraints.
3	1	linear programming	an optimization strategy; a method to achieve the best outcome of in a mathematical model whose requirements are represented by linear relationships	aka linear optimization a technique for achieving the best outcome in a mathematical model whose requirements are represented by linear relationships
0	0	linear programming	planning by the use of linear relationships of variables involved. it makes use of certain mathematical techniques to get the best possible solution to a problem involving limited resources.	one field of management science that finds the optimal, or most efficient, way of using limited resources to achieve the objectives of an individual of a business
1	0	linear programming	involves choosing a course of action when the mathematical model of the problem contains only linear functions (objective functions; constraints) with respect to the decision variables.	method of finding maximum or minimum value of a function that satisfies a given set of conditions
2	1	linear programming	- method of dealing with decision problems as constrained linear models  - mathematical technique for finding the best uses of organization's resources - &"programming in a linear structure&"	widely used mathematical modeling technique to convert all parts of the problem into linear equations programming refers to modeling and solving a decision problem mathematically
1	0	linear programming	aka linear optimization a technique for achieving the best outcome in a mathematical model whose requirements are represented by linear relationships	strategy for finding the optimum value - either maximum or minimum - of a linear function that is subject to certain constraints.
3	1	linear programming	a procedure used to find the max and min values of linear function. subject to given conditions on the variables called constraints	a method for finding a minimum or maximum value of a linear function, given a set of constraints
1	0	linear programming	a mathematical technique to help plan and make decisions relative to the trade-offs necessary to allocate resources	is a mathematical programming tool that has help managers to make decisions to allocate scarce resources
0	0	linear programming	a mathematical technique that provides the optimal solution for using a certain amount of resources given a number of constraints	math technique used to find the maximum or minimum of linear equations containing several variables
2	1	linear programming	involves choosing a course of action when the mathematical model of the problem contains only linear functions (objective functions; constraints) with respect to the decision variables.	process of optimizing a linear objective function subject to a set of constraints
1	0	linear programming	method of finding maximum or minimum value of a function that satisfies a given set of conditions	process of optimizing a linear objective function to a system of linear inequalities called constraints
1	0	linear programming	used to find the maximum profits or minimum costs, subject to various constraints.	one field of management science that finds the optimal, or most efficient, way of using limited resources to achieve the objectives of an individual of a business
2	1	linear programming	an optimization strategy; a method to achieve the best outcome of in a mathematical model whose requirements are represented by linear relationships	strategy for finding the optimum value - either maximum or minimum - of a linear function that is subject to certain constraints.
3	1	linear programming	analytical technique in which linear algebraic relationships represent a firm's decisions, given a business objective, and resource constraints	a model consisting of linear relationships that represent a firms objective and resource constraints
1	0	linear programming	analytical technique in which linear algebraic relationships represent a firm's decisions, given a business objective, and resource constraints	a model that consists of linear relationships representing a firm's decision, given an objective and resource constraints
3	1	linear programming	is a method to achieve the best outcome (such as maximum profit or lowest cost) in a mathematical model whose requirements are represented by linear relationships	an optimization strategy; a method to achieve the best outcome of in a mathematical model whose requirements are represented by linear relationships
2	1	linear programming	method of dealing with decision problems that can be expressed as constrained linear models	widely used mathematical modeling technique to convert all parts of the problem into linear equations programming refers to modeling and solving a decision problem mathematically
2	1	linear programming	an optimization technique where you maximize profit or revenue or the number of people or to minimize something usually cost or time or distance.	used to find the maximum profits or minimum costs, subject to various constraints.
0	0	linear programming	method of finding maximum or minimum value of a function that satisfies a given set of conditions	process of optimizing a linear objective function subject to a set of constraints
2	1	linear programming	method for solving problems in which a quantity is to be maximized or minimized when the quantity is subject to various restrictions or constraints	a mathematical method of solving practicial problems (such as the allocation of resources) by means of linear fcns where the variables involved are subject to constraints
3	1	linear programming	a model that consists of linear relationships representing a firm's decision, given an objective and resource constraints	a model consisting of linear relationships that represent a firms objective and resource constraints
2	1	linear programming	a mathematical technique to help plan and make decisions relative to the trade-offs necessary to allocate resources	optimum allocation of resources is determined.
0	0	linear programming	aka linear optimization a technique for achieving the best outcome in a mathematical model whose requirements are represented by linear relationships	this refers to mathematical models you can use to predict outcomes, such as highest profit or highest sales.
2	1	linear programming	a mathematical technique designed to help operations managers plan and make decisions necessary to allocate resources.	a mathematical technique to help plan and make decisions relative to the trade-offs necessary to allocate resources
2	1	linear programming	a mathematical technique designed to help operations managers plan and make decisions necessary to allocate resources.	optimum allocation of resources is determined.
3	1	linear programming	a mathematical technique designed to help operations managers plan and make decisions necessary to allocate resources.	is a mathematical programming tool that has help managers to make decisions to allocate scarce resources
3	1	linear programming	is a method to achieve the best outcome (such as maximum profit or lowest cost) in a mathematical model whose requirements are represented by linear relationships	aka linear optimization a technique for achieving the best outcome in a mathematical model whose requirements are represented by linear relationships
3	1	linear programming	method for finding the minimum/maximum value of some quantity given a system of inequalities (contraints)	a method of finding the max/min value of some quantity given a system of constraints
0	0	linear programming	this refers to mathematical models you can use to predict outcomes, such as highest profit or highest sales.	strategy for finding the optimum value - either maximum or minimum - of a linear function that is subject to certain constraints.
2	1	linear programming	process of optimizing a linear objective function subject to a set of constraints	process of optimizing a linear objective function to a system of linear inequalities called constraints
1	0	linear programming	optimum allocation of resources is determined.	is a mathematical programming tool that has help managers to make decisions to allocate scarce resources
1	0	linear programming	an optimization technique where you maximize profit or revenue or the number of people or to minimize something usually cost or time or distance.	planning by the use of linear relationships of variables involved. it makes use of certain mathematical techniques to get the best possible solution to a problem involving limited resources.
0	0	linear programming	an optimization strategy; a method to achieve the best outcome of in a mathematical model whose requirements are represented by linear relationships	this refers to mathematical models you can use to predict outcomes, such as highest profit or highest sales.
2	1	linear programming	involves choosing a course of action when the mathematical model of the problem contains only linear functions (objective functions; constraints) with respect to the decision variables.	process of optimizing a linear objective function to a system of linear inequalities called constraints
0	0	decision support	can also be computer generated care plans	this system takes data collected by the healthcare facility, turns it into information, and uses this information to make decisions about the healthcare facility.
1	0	naive bayes	a classification method used to describe the probability of data belonging to a class based on the data's attributes	bayesian classifier -use probabilistic approach to identify what class a given observation belongs
2	1	naive bayes	a simple probabilistic classifier based on applying bayes' theorem (from bayesian statistics) with strong (naive) independence assumptions	probabilistic classifier based on bayes' theorem; assumes all attributes are independent
0	0	information extraction	identify and extract relevant information from unstructured text to transform the data  entity extraction  link extraction	converting unstructured data of natural language sentences into the structured data then using query tools such as sql
0	0	information extraction	converting unstructured data of natural language sentences into the structured data then using query tools such as sql	• identify and extract relevant information from unstructured text • the aim is to transform unstructured data into structured data • entity extraction • link extraction
3	1	information extraction	identify and extract relevant information from unstructured text to transform the data  entity extraction  link extraction	• identify and extract relevant information from unstructured text • the aim is to transform unstructured data into structured data • entity extraction • link extraction
1	0	binary code	a coding system using the binary digits 0 and 1 to represent a letter, digit, or other character coding a computer or other electronic device.	a code system using the binary digits 0 or 1 to represent a letter, digit
3	1	binary code	code used in digital computers, based on a binary number system in which there are only two possible states, off and on, usually symbolized by 0 and 1.	a simple code that computers use to send and receive data made from electrical signals and represented by 1s and 0s.
1	0	web site	1) a web server. it makes a set of related documents available to browsers. (2) a set of related documents made available on a web server.	contains content served over the www. can represent a web application within internet information services (iis).
2	1	web site	a group of web pages accessible at a specific web address that holds a collection of information identified by a common domain name, such as www.cnn.com.	a collection of pages on one particular topic, accessed under one web domain
2	1	web site	a collection of web pages, typically from the same server or domain; usually with a common purpose, audience, or message	contains content served over the www. can represent a web application within internet information services (iis).
3	1	web site	a collection of pages on one particular topic, accessed under one web domain	organised collection of pages at a single domain on the world wide web.
1	0	web site	specific location on the web	used to display information that very rarely changes such as a company's name, location, contact information, and leadership team.
2	1	web site	a specific location on the web that contains a collection of related files and resources by a person, group or organization	is a collection of related web pages and associated items, such as documents and pictures, stored on a web server
3	1	web site	related collection of web pages	a collection of related webpages with a starting point/home page.
2	1	web site	a collection of web pages that work together	a collection of related webpages with a starting point/home page.
2	1	web site	1) a web server. it makes a set of related documents available to browsers. (2) a set of related documents made available on a web server.	a specific location on the web that contains a collection of related files and resources by a person, group or organization
3	1	web site	one or more related web pages that are all located in the same place.	organised collection of pages at a single domain on the world wide web.
2	1	web site	a group of related files organized around a common topic; the files may include web pages, graphics, audio, and video.	a connected group of web pages on a single topic or closely related ideas.
2	1	web site	a group of related files organized around a common topic	a connected group of web pages on a single topic or closely related ideas.
1	0	web site	a specific location on the web that contains a collection of related files and resources by a person, group or organization	contains content served over the www. can represent a web application within internet information services (iis).
3	1	web site	one or more related web pages that are all located in the same place.	a collection of pages on one particular topic, accessed under one web domain
3	1	web site	a group of web pages accessible at a specific web address that holds a collection of information identified by a common domain name, such as www.cnn.com.	organised collection of pages at a single domain on the world wide web.
3	1	web site	typically a collection of related web pages with a starting point or home page	a collection of web pages that is usually accessed through a &"home page&"
2	1	web site	a collection of web pages that work together	related collection of web pages
1	0	web site	is a collection of related web pages and associated items, such as documents and pictures, stored on a web server	contains content served over the www. can represent a web application within internet information services (iis).
2	1	web site	1) a web server. it makes a set of related documents available to browsers. (2) a set of related documents made available on a web server.	a collection of web pages, typically from the same server or domain; usually with a common purpose, audience, or message
2	1	web site	a location connected to the internet that maintains one or more pages on the world wide web.	a computer connected to the internet that maintains a series of web pages on the world wide web (www)
2	1	web site	a collection of web pages, typically from the same server or domain	group of related pages on a web server
2	1	web site	a group of web pages accessible at a specific web address that holds a collection of information identified by a common domain name, such as www.cnn.com.	one or more related web pages that are all located in the same place.
0	0	general form	y = ax^2 + bx + c	group that is not repeated onto itself by the symmetry operations so it has the same number of faces as the order of the group
3	1	principal component analysis	used to illustrate correlations between input variables and create new variables, which capture the same information contained in the original data, but with less variables	illustrate hidden conclusions between input variables &gt; create new variables that illustrate the same data but new model has less variables
0	0	design space	linkage between the process inputs and critical quality attributes. the multidimensional combination and interaction of input variables and process parameters that have been demonstrated to provide assurance of quality	the k-dimensional region that bounds all the factor levels or values of interest
0	0	design space	explicit representation alternative design options and of the thinking that went into the design of the artifact. (not the artifact)	an imaginary intellectual region of design alternatives that contains all of the potential solutions to our design problem
1	0	design space	explicit representation alternative design options and of the thinking that went into the design of the artifact. (not the artifact)	imaginary intellectual region of all potential design alternatives
3	1	relational databases	database technology involving tables (relations) representing entities and primary/foreign keys representing relationships	involves tables that represent entities and primary/foriegn keys that represent relationships
1	0	relational databases	databases that carry their data in the form of tables and that represent relationships using foreign keys	relates, or connects, data in different files through the use of a key, or common data element.
2	1	relational databases	-organize data into tables based on structured data groupings -use links, called relationships, between tables	this model consists of a database with a set of formally described tables, related (linked) to each other by a shared reference. users can create their own interactive queries.
3	1	relational databases	-stores data in the form of related tables. -based on database normalization and can be accomplished with erd's.	ex. access  -store data in the form of related tables  -relational design is based on database normalization and be accomplished with erd's
1	0	relational databases	based on collections of tables, each has a primary key, tables are linked together with foreign keys. less machine efficient, much easier to work with for developers.	two dimensional tables made up of rows and columns. similar to a spreadsheet file. relational databases support the explicit and implicit use of transactions to ensure data integrity.
1	0	malicious code	malware, which can damage or alter data and programs on a system without permission and notice of the user.	a piece of code that defines basic functionality of the malware and compromises commands that result in security breaches
2	1	malicious code	malware, which can damage or alter data and programs on a system without permission and notice of the user.	any code in any part of software system or script that is intended to cause undesired effects, security breaches or damage to a system.
1	0	malicious code	virus, worms, trojan horses, backdoors, bots or botnets	this kind of attack includes the execution of viruses, worms, trojan horses, and active web scripts with the intent to destroy or steal information
2	1	malicious code	a piece of code that defines basic functionality of the malware and compromises commands that result in security breaches	any code in any part of software system or script that is intended to cause undesired effects, security breaches or damage to a system.
1	0	malicious code	includes a variety of threats such as viruses, worms, and trojan horses	this kind of attack includes the execution of viruses, worms, trojan horses, and active web scripts with the intent to destroy or steal information
0	0	malicious code	type of software attack where an attacker inserts some type of undesired or unauthorized software, or malware into a target system.	any code in any part of software system or script that is intended to cause undesired effects, security breaches or damage to a system.
1	0	malicious code	type of software attack where an attacker inserts some type of undesired or unauthorized software, or malware into a target system.	malware, which can damage or alter data and programs on a system without permission and notice of the user.
0	0	systematic review	highest level of evidence multiple studies are judged related to a specific research question and reviewed to reveal the best practice or results pertaining to that question	beyond what most practitioners accomplish can include meta analyses comprehensive, unbiased, and specific about the question doesn't have to include statistics
2	1	systematic review	-systematically collected -includes previously published research that fit criteria -previous research examined and combined to answer questions	a summary of clinical literature and makes critical assessments and evaluates all research studies that address a particular clinical issue
1	0	systematic review	statistical technique for combining results of independent but similar studies to obtain an overall treatment effect	collection, review, and presentation of available studies addressing a particular clinical question. studies are reviewed according to specific criteria and methods. may include a meta-analysis
1	0	systematic review	a highly structured and controlled search of the available literature that minimizes the potential for bias and produces a practice recommendation as an outcome.	highest level of evidence multiple studies are judged related to a specific research question and reviewed to reveal the best practice or results pertaining to that question
0	0	systematic review	-structured comprehensive synthesis of research to determine best research evidence to address a healthcare question -rigorous synthesis by expert researchers	-bring together large number of individual studies into a single document -research studies, have inclusion and exclusion criteria  -unbiased &  comprehensive summary
1	0	systematic review	-systematically collected -includes previously published research that fit criteria -previous research examined and combined to answer questions	involves application of scientific strategies in ways that limit bias, to assembly, critical appraisal, and synthesis all relevant studies that address a specific clinical question
1	0	systematic review	statistical technique for combining results of independent but similar studies to obtain an overall treatment effect	a summary of clinical literature and makes critical assessments and evaluates all research studies that address a particular clinical issue
2	1	systematic review	statistical technique for combining results of independent but similar studies to obtain an overall treatment effect	combination and analysis of all the studies relevant to a specific topic, enables effective clinical decisions to be made
0	0	systematic review	a review of the literature, in which all available research studies on a particular topic are identified, analysed and synthesised	method of reviewing related literature for quantitative research
0	0	systematic review	completed by identification of completed studies that address research question, then evaluate the results, and arrive at a conclusion &gt; meta analysis	involves application of scientific strategies in ways that limit bias, to assembly, critical appraisal, and synthesis all relevant studies that address a specific clinical question
0	0	systematic review	multiple relevant studies by criteria, may include unpublished research, conclusions consider context, such as quality studies, possible bias, applicability	combination and analysis of all the studies relevant to a specific topic, enables effective clinical decisions to be made
1	0	systematic review	completed by identification of completed studies that address research question, then evaluate the results, and arrive at a conclusion &gt; meta analysis	-systematically collected -includes previously published research that fit criteria -previous research examined and combined to answer questions
2	1	systematic review	completed by identification of completed studies that address research question, then evaluate the results, and arrive at a conclusion &gt; meta analysis	statistical technique for combining results of independent but similar studies to obtain an overall treatment effect
0	0	systematic review	statistical technique for combining results of independent but similar studies to obtain an overall treatment effect	multiple relevant studies by criteria, may include unpublished research, conclusions consider context, such as quality studies, possible bias, applicability
1	0	systematic review	-systematically collected -includes previously published research that fit criteria -previous research examined and combined to answer questions	combination and analysis of all the studies relevant to a specific topic, enables effective clinical decisions to be made
0	0	systematic review	describes database research, checked reference lists, independent assessment, risk of bias assessment	results reported independently for each study (or as a range) but not combined between studies
0	0	systematic review	multiple relevant studies by criteria, may include unpublished research, conclusions consider context, such as quality studies, possible bias, applicability	-bring together large number of individual studies into a single document -research studies, have inclusion and exclusion criteria  -unbiased &  comprehensive summary
0	0	systematic review	completed by identification of completed studies that address research question, then evaluate the results, and arrive at a conclusion &gt; meta analysis	multiple relevant studies by criteria, may include unpublished research, conclusions consider context, such as quality studies, possible bias, applicability
0	0	systematic review	combination and analysis of all the studies relevant to a specific topic, enables effective clinical decisions to be made	-bring together large number of individual studies into a single document -research studies, have inclusion and exclusion criteria  -unbiased &  comprehensive summary
0	0	systematic review	-systematically collected -includes previously published research that fit criteria -previous research examined and combined to answer questions	-structured comprehensive synthesis of research to determine best research evidence to address a healthcare question -rigorous synthesis by expert researchers
1	0	systematic review	involves application of scientific strategies in ways that limit bias, to assembly, critical appraisal, and synthesis all relevant studies that address a specific clinical question	-bring together large number of individual studies into a single document -research studies, have inclusion and exclusion criteria  -unbiased &  comprehensive summary
2	1	systematic review	a summary of clinical literature and makes critical assessments and evaluates all research studies that address a particular clinical issue	combination and analysis of all the studies relevant to a specific topic, enables effective clinical decisions to be made
0	0	systematic review	-systematically collected -includes previously published research that fit criteria -previous research examined and combined to answer questions	-bring together large number of individual studies into a single document -research studies, have inclusion and exclusion criteria  -unbiased &  comprehensive summary
1	0	systematic review	collection, review, and presentation of available studies addressing a particular clinical question. studies are reviewed according to specific criteria and methods. may include a meta-analysis	combination and analysis of all the studies relevant to a specific topic, enables effective clinical decisions to be made
1	0	critical section	section of code that requires access to shared resources and must not be executed while another process is in a corresponding section of code	each process has a segment of code, in which the process may be changing common variables, updating a table, writing a file, and so on. it is a shared resource.
0	0	critical section	is there the part of a program where multiple threads may access (read and write) shared data.	a piece of code that accesses data shared between multiple threads, and cannot be executed by more than one thread simultaneously.
2	1	empirical data	data was collected by observation through the sense rather than being theoretical or otherwise not derived from experience	information gathered from sensory observation and experimentation
1	0	empirical data	documented evidence (data) gathered through direct observation rather than a researcher's subjective belie	information or facts about the world that are based on sensory experiences.
1	0	empirical data	documented evidence (data) gathered through direct observation rather than a researcher's subjective belief   data gathered based on experience	information or facts about the world that are based on sensory experiences.
3	1	empirical data	verifiable data obtained by observation, measurement or from experiences.	data that can be verified (checked) which comes from observation or measurement
1	0	program verification	prove program correct limits: very difficult, very expensive, not scalable	the process of determining the degree to which a software product fulfills its specifications
0	0	program verification	to prove code is correct	prove program correct limits: very difficult, very expensive, not scalable
0	0	program verification	to prove code is correct	the process of determining the degree to which a software product fulfills its specifications
2	1	visual information	a chart, graph, map, photograph, illustration, or diagram that expands on information provided in a text or gives new information in a clear, concise format.	source of data or information represented visually.
1	0	visual information	a chart, graph, map, photograph, illustration, or diagram that expands on information provided in a text or gives new information in a clear, concise format.	information that is accessed through visual means such as the size and shape of a word, format, pictures, diagrams, etc.
1	0	visual information	use pictures and graphics to convey massages  info from visual media	the information that a person gets from these visual media
1	0	visual information	use pictures and graphics to convey massages  info from visual media	the ideas that you have perceived upon looking at the visual media; a person gets from the visual media
0	0	memory allocation	the assignment of specific memory addresses to system software, application programs, threads and processes, and data.	limited resource, must allocate efficiently
1	0	memory allocation	ruby has set aside two completely separate boxes of memory to hold our data. setting aside memory for us to use is called memory allocation.	the assignment of specific memory addresses to system software, application programs, threads and processes, and data.
1	0	memory allocation	ruby has set aside two completely separate boxes of memory to hold our data. setting aside memory for us to use is called memory allocation.	limited resource, must allocate efficiently
3	1	response time	the time taken for software to respond to some input from the user. should be around 0.1 seconds.	the amount of time elapsing between the transmission of a command and the receipt of some response from the computer
3	1	response time	the time from a request for a service or excitation to the time when the service is provided or requisite system output is presented by the system	the amount of time elapsing between the transmission of a command and the receipt of some response from the computer
2	1	response time	time of submission to time first response is produced  -minimize (but not too much)	the time from when the process is submitted until its first response.
2	1	response time	(for an interactive process) the time from the submission of a request until the response begins to be received.	the time from when the process is submitted until its first response.
3	1	response time	the amount of time it takes for the server to respond to a request from a client workstation	the amount of time a server requires to process one request.
2	1	response time	is the time it takes from intro of a stimulus to the completion of action that result from it. response time= reaction time + movement time	reaction time + movement time (total collection of time)
3	1	response time	time elapsed between job arrival and the first response to the job	the time from when the process is submitted until its first response.
2	1	response time	is measures from the movement when a stimulus is presented to the a response is completed, and it includes both the reaction time and movement time	the time between the initial stimuli and the completion of the movement
2	1	response time	the time from a request for a service or excitation to the time when the service is provided or requisite system output is presented by the system	the overall time between a request for system activity and the delivery of the response
3	1	response time	the time taken from the onset of a stimulus to the completion of a task e.g. time between hearing the gun &  hitting the finish line	the time from the onset of a signal to repsond (stimulus) to the final completeuion of the response or action, i.e reaction time + movememnt time.
2	1	response time	is measures from the movement when a stimulus is presented to the a response is completed, and it includes both the reaction time and movement time	reaction time + movement time (stimulus to completion of response)
2	1	response time	the time between the initial stimuli and the completion of the movement	reaction time + movement time (stimulus to completion of response)
1	0	response time	the time taken for software to respond to some input from the user. should be around 0.1 seconds.	the avg time to respond to a user-generated event
3	1	response time	speed with which a ct detector can detect an x-ray event and recover to detect another event	refers to the speed with which the detectors detect an xray event and recover to detect another event,  should be very short microseconds
2	1	response time	is the time it takes from intro of a stimulus to the completion of action that result from it. response time= reaction time + movement time	the time taken from the onset of a stimulus to the completion of a task e.g. time between hearing the gun &  hitting the finish line
3	1	response time	the overall time between a request for system activity and the delivery of the response	the amount of time elapsing between the transmission of a command and the receipt of some response from the computer
3	1	response time	reaction time + movement time (total collection of time)	the time from the onset of a signal to repsond (stimulus) to the final completeuion of the response or action, i.e reaction time + movememnt time.
3	1	response time	is the time it takes from intro of a stimulus to the completion of action that result from it. response time= reaction time + movement time	the time from the onset of a signal to repsond (stimulus) to the final completeuion of the response or action, i.e reaction time + movememnt time.
1	0	response time	time elapsed between job arrival and the first response to the job	(for an interactive process) the time from the submission of a request until the response begins to be received.
2	1	response time	the time from the initial stimulus to the completion of the task.	reaction time + movement time (total collection of time)
2	1	response time	the amount of time elapsing between the transmission of a command and the receipt of some response from the computer	the avg time to respond to a user-generated event
2	1	response time	the time taken from the onset of a stimulus to the completion of a task e.g. time between hearing the gun &  hitting the finish line	reaction time + movement time (total collection of time)
1	0	response time	the time taken for software to respond to some input from the user. should be around 0.1 seconds.	the overall time between a request for system activity and the delivery of the response
2	1	response time	reaction time + movement time (stimulus to completion of response)	time from stimulus onset to end of movement -independent measure do not influence one another (measure different aspects of performnace)
2	1	response time	from the introduction of the stimulus to the completion of the action in response	onset of stimulus to completion of task
3	1	response time	the time it takes to respond to user interactions such as a mouse click	the avg time to respond to a user-generated event
1	0	response time	the overall time between a request for system activity and the delivery of the response	the time it takes to respond to user interactions such as a mouse click
1	0	response time	the overall time between a request for system activity and the delivery of the response	the avg time to respond to a user-generated event
3	1	response time	the time required for the signal from the detector to return to zero so that it is ready to detect another xray event	the amount of time required for the signal to get back to zero after being stimulated by radiation to be ready for another x-ray
1	0	response time	elapsed time between submitting a database transaction for execution and receiving a response	the total time to process a request; what the client sees
2	1	response time	amount of time it takes from when a request was submitted until the first response is produced. arrival time to when first executed	the time from when the process is submitted until its first response.
2	1	response time	(for an interactive process) the time from the submission of a request until the response begins to be received.	time of submission to time first response is produced  -minimize (but not too much)
2	1	response time	the time between the initial stimuli and the completion of the movement	time from stimulus onset to end of movement -independent measure do not influence one another (measure different aspects of performnace)
3	1	response time	amount of time it takes from when a request was submitted until the first response is produced. arrival time to when first executed	(for an interactive process) the time from the submission of a request until the response begins to be received.
3	1	response time	amount of time it takes from when a request was submitted until the first response is produced. arrival time to when first executed	time elapsed between job arrival and the first response to the job
2	1	response time	the total time to process a request; what the client sees	time elapsed between issuing a database request (query/update) and the successful termination
1	0	response time	the time it takes to respond to user interactions such as a mouse click	the amount of time elapsing between the transmission of a command and the receipt of some response from the computer
3	1	response time	display refers to the time in milliseconds (ms) that it takes to turn a pixel on or off  lower number faster response measured in nits	refers to the time in milliseconds that it takes to turn a pixel on or of in a display; lower number equals faster time
2	1	response time	elapsed time between submitting a database transaction for execution and receiving a response	time elapsed between issuing a database request (query/update) and the successful termination
2	1	response time	the time from a request for a service or excitation to the time when the service is provided or requisite system output is presented by the system	the avg time to respond to a user-generated event
2	1	response time	the time from the initial stimulus to the completion of the task.	the time from the onset of a signal to repsond (stimulus) to the final completeuion of the response or action, i.e reaction time + movememnt time.
1	0	system calls	provides an interface to the services made available by an operating system.	means by which user programs require services of operating system
1	0	real time	the present moment or the actual time in which something takes place	study using actual measurements of time
1	0	real time	when a computer performs tasks immediately	responds to input instantly. general-purpose operating systems, such as dos and unix, are not real-time
0	0	real time	study using actual measurements of time	talking, listening, or watching as an event or conversation is actually happening
1	0	real time	when a computer performs tasks immediately	responds to input instantly.
2	1	real time	online communications that take place simultaneously.	means that you and the people with whom you are conversing are online at the same time
1	0	real time	the present moment or the actual time in which something takes place	talking, listening, or watching as an event or conversation is actually happening
0	0	real time	-these are variationist studies that study language change by comparing the same speakers or members of the same community at different points in time	the passing of years, hours, minutes, and seconds that we measure with calendars and clocks and that we think we understand until we really think about it.
1	0	real time	time critical operating system often embedded into a larger system	a system that gives a response within a guaranteed time frame input is  processed immediately.
2	1	real time	study using actual measurements of time	&"actual&" amount of time taken
0	0	time efficiency	within scalability, amount accomplished relative to time consumed	the amount of time required to process the data
1	0	basic block	a sequence of three-addr code with  a) no jumps from it except the last statement b) no jumps into the middle of the basic block	sequence of consecutive statements in which flow of control enter at the beginning and leaves at the end without halt or possibility of branch, except at the end.
2	1	field studies	done in natural settings to understand what users do naturally and how technology impacts them	evaluation done in natural setting aim: understand what users do naturally &  how technology affects them in the real life environment observer can be an outsider, insider or participant
1	0	field studies	aim to understand what users do naturally in their environment used to identify opportunities for new technology and how to implement them	evaluation done in natural setting aim: understand what users do naturally &  how technology affects them in the real life environment observer can be an outsider, insider or participant
1	0	field studies	a general method for collecting data about users, user needs, and product requirements that involves observation and interviewing.	qualitative where investigators seek to gain an insider's view of the phenomena under study through intensive and extended immersion
0	0	field studies	users observed in natural setting	done in natural settings to understand what users do naturally and how technology impacts them
1	0	data quality	every data management function contributes in part to improving the quality of data assets	quality data needs to be clean relevant trusted and able to be leveraged
0	0	data quality	this person utilizes data standards, messaging standards, data dictionaries, data quality checks, and more to assist in ensuring data quality.	ensuring the information entered in ehr is reliable and has integrity;  critical to the clinical and administrative arena
0	0	data quality	a comprehensive approach to ensuring the accuracy, validity, and timeliness of data for its intended uses in operations, decision making and planning.	the reliability and effectiveness of data for its intended uses in operations, decision making, and planning
0	0	data quality	accurate -correct  complete -all the elements   consistent -reliable  precise -expected values  relevant -reason is clear  timely -up to date	this person utilizes data standards, messaging standards, data dictionaries, data quality checks, and more to assist in ensuring data quality.
3	1	data quality	a comprehensive approach to promoting the accuracy, validity, and timeliness of the data	promotes the accuracy, validity, and timeliness of the data.
0	0	data quality	must meet users needs so they trust it, can be improved with data cleansing software but long term solution is to improve quality at the source system level	the quality of the data in the warehouse must meet users' needs
1	0	data quality	- poor data quality negatively afects many data processing efforts - ex: a classification model for detecting people who are loan risks is built using poor data	errors associated with data collection, storage, retrieval, and representation are a long standing problem with negative implications for businesses and consumers
1	0	data quality	accurate -correct  complete -all the elements   consistent -reliable  precise -expected values  relevant -reason is clear  timely -up to date	ensuring the information entered in ehr is reliable and has integrity;  critical to the clinical and administrative arena
0	0	data quality	every data management function contributes in part to improving the quality of data assets	the quality of the data in the warehouse must meet users' needs
0	0	data quality	quality data needs to be clean relevant trusted and able to be leveraged	the quality of the data in the warehouse must meet users' needs
0	0	data quality	defined as the degree to which a set of characteristics of data fulfills requirements. examples of characteristics are: completeness, validity, accuracy, consistency, availability and timeliness.	the state of the accuracy and completeness of data and its suitability to meet the analytical needs of an organization.
3	1	data quality	is the overall utility of data sets as a function of it's ability to be processed easily and analyzed for database	overall utility of a datasets as a function of its ability to be processed easily
1	0	data quality	quality of data used to make the business decision directly impact the quality of those decisions	the data in a database is considered of high quality if it correctly and non-ambiguously reflects the real-world it is designed to represent
1	0	data quality	must meet users needs so they trust it, can be improved with data cleansing software but long term solution is to improve quality at the source system level	every data management function contributes in part to improving the quality of data assets
0	0	data quality	different sources typically use inconsistent data representations, codes and formats which have to be reconciled.	data that is fit to be used.  in other words, data that does not have an defects and is valid
3	1	data quality	high quality data is correct, non ambiguous, and reflects the real world.  the quality of data affects decisions that relied on that data.	the data in a database is considered of high quality if it correctly and non-ambiguously reflects the real-world it is designed to represent
3	1	standard deviation	a computation that captures how far, on average, each score in a data set is from the mean.	the average distance values fall from the mean
2	1	standard deviation	this is a measure of dispersion that calculates the square root of the variance.	square root of the variance  ** expressed in same unit as random variable **
3	1	standard deviation	summarizes the spread of values around the mean; more representative of a data set than range	spread of scores around the mean, represents the variability in the data, shows inconsistency
3	1	standard deviation	measures the spread of a data et. the greater the standard deviation, the greater the spread of the data.	the number that measures the spread of a data set. the greater the number, the greater the spread of the data
3	1	standard deviation	square root of the variance. provides exact distances from mean (unlike variance). illustrates how tightly data is clustered around mean.	dispersion directly related to variance  the average distance values are from the mean  find by taking the square root of the variance
2	1	standard deviation	it is a descriptive statistic — which is a measure of dispersion, or spread — of sampled data around the mean.	the most commonly used measure of dispersion in medical data. measures the spread of observations around the mean.
3	1	standard deviation	statistic used to descriptively analyze the spread of scores in a distribution; square root of the variance; measure of dispersion.	the most widely used measure of dispersion of a frequency distribution, equal to the positive square root of the variance.
2	1	standard deviation	a measure of how much variation there is from the mean; calculating it uses every score in the set of data	a popular measure of variability, is calculated based on the distance/dispersion of individual observations from their means
2	1	standard deviation	computed measure of how much scores vary around the mean score (ex: pg 59)	better measure of how scores deviate from one another, how scores differ from the mean
1	0	standard deviation	measure of how much all scores tend to vary from the sample mean.  s=√Σ(x-m)/n	calculated measure that provides info on how much the data are spread around the mean (so deals with precision)  helps filter out biological noise
2	1	standard deviation	represent the typical distance a score is from the mean; used for interval/ratio data only.	measures the average distance from the mean
2	1	standard deviation	a measure of how spread out numbers are. allows a &"standard&" way to know what is &"normal&" in a data set.	a measure of how spread out the data are (that involves using the mean and a variety of calculations)
3	1	standard deviation	a statistical measure that shows the average amount that values vary (aka &"dispersion&") from the mean.	the most widely used measure of dispersion, it represents the average amount of variation around the mean
2	1	standard deviation	typical divergence away from the mean	measures the variability in a set of data  - shows, on average, how far away the data values are from the mean
3	1	standard deviation	-measure of the average deviation (units) of each score from the mean -square root of variance	measure of how much all scores tend to vary from the sample mean. the square root of the average squared deviation from the mean
2	1	standard deviation	the square root of the variance standard deviation = variance ^2	is calculated, very simply, as the square root of the variance, as shown in figure 3-5.
3	1	standard deviation	the measure of the approximate average amount scores in a distribution deviate from the mean. distribution with a larger standard deviation have more spread.	measure of dispersion around the mean for normally distributed continuous data; expresses variability within the sample
2	1	standard deviation	measures the average difference between each score in the mean of the data set	a measure of how far a piece of data is away from the average.
3	1	standard deviation	the square root of variance; a computed measure of how far data values are from their mean	this is a measure of dispersion that calculates the square root of the variance.
1	0	standard deviation	measure of dispersion centered around a mean. two types  1) continuous: generally steady progression and  2) discrete: attributes are separate from one another	a summarization of values around the mean. within a normal distribution, approximately 68% and 95% fall within + or - 1 or 2 standard deviation points respectively.
1	0	standard deviation	a measure of variability that describes an average distance of every score from the mean (normal distribution)	- measure of average distance from the mean - most frequently used measure of variability
1	0	standard deviation	measures the average difference between each score in the mean of the data set	average amount all scores varied from the mean; most important statistic for organizing data
0	0	standard deviation	a measure of variability that describes an average distance of every score from the mean  the larger the sd, the more variable the scores	variability or dispersion of scores around the mean, represented by &"s&"
1	0	standard deviation	the square root of the variance (s) provides a measure of the standard/average, distance from the mean always 0 or a positive number	measure of variability that describes the average distance from the mean; obtained by taking the square root of the variance
1	0	standard deviation	a computed measure of how much scores vary around the mean score. with more accurate technology, bump in deviation can go from large to incredibly thin minimizing average error.	associated with precision  measure of the actual spread in the data set, how much data differs from one another
3	1	standard deviation	a measure of variation that describes how the data deviates from the mean of the data.	precision estimate of how deviated each individual data is from the mean
2	1	standard deviation	a measure of spread that describes an average distance of every score from the mean	represent the typical distance a score is from the mean; used for interval/ratio data only.
2	1	standard deviation	-indicates the average deviation of scores from the mean -appropriate only for interval and ratio scale variables	indicates that average deviation of from mean   symbolized as s abbreviated sd
1	0	standard deviation	a calculation of the average difference between each score in the data set and the mean. bigger values indicate greater variation.	a low standard deviation means that most bumber are close to average and the error of the mean
2	1	standard deviation	a measure of how spread out the data are, distance from the mean how spread out the bell is in a frequency distribution	a measure of how spread out numbers are. allows a &"standard&" way to know what is &"normal&" in a data set.
2	1	standard deviation	calculated measure that provides info on how much the data are spread around the mean (so deals with precision)  helps filter out biological noise	estimates the spread of the scores away from the mean ***most common measure
0	0	standard deviation	- about 2/3 (68%) of all observations in a normal distribution lie within 1 sd of the mean	indicates degree of dispersion about the mean value of distribution  curve of a normal distribution as it falls away from its peak on either side
3	1	standard deviation	a measure of variability that is equal to the square root of the variance.	a statistical measure of the amount of dispersion in a set of scores, square root of the variance
1	0	standard deviation	square root of variance, indicates variability about the mean	a measure of variability that describes the deviation from the mean of a frequency distribution in the original units of measurement; the square root of the variance
1	0	standard deviation	measures the variability within a single sample; can use the standard error of the mean to determine how precisely he mean of the sample estimates the population mean	the measure of the approximate average amount scores in a distribution deviate from the mean. distribution with a larger standard deviation have more spread.
3	1	standard deviation	an estimate of how widely the scores are spread around the mean in a frequency distribution	representation of the variability or spread of the dataset; the amount the scores in a distribution deviate from the mean
0	0	standard deviation	calculated measure that provides info on how much the data are spread around the mean (so deals with precision)  helps filter out biological noise	a statistical measurement used to document the disparity between an individual's test score and the mean
2	1	standard deviation	the measure of variation that tells you how tightly all of the cases are clustered around the mean	how the data is dispersed or spread around the mean
3	1	standard deviation	measures the dispersion in a frequency distribution; average distance of cases from mean	measures variability by averaging dispersion of numbers around the mean
1	0	standard deviation	portrays how far away from the mean individual scores on average are located	tells you the typical difference between any one score and the mean of all scores
1	0	standard deviation	.the average distance from the mean (portrays how far away from the median individual scores on average are located) .the square root of the variance	tells you the typical difference between any one score and the mean of all scores
0	0	standard deviation	calculated measure that provides info on how much the data are spread around the mean (so deals with precision)  helps filter out biological noise	associated with precision  measure of the actual spread in the data set, how much data differs from one another
2	1	standard deviation	average expected variation of scores within the group.	average expected variation of scores eithin the group. about 68% of scores will typically fall between m+/- sd.
2	1	standard deviation	the average amount of error between the mean and the observed scores in the data. the square root of the variance and a measure of dispersion.	the typical deviation between an individual score and the group mean  sd = square root of the variance
1	0	standard deviation	estimates the spread of the scores away from the mean ***most common measure	a statistical measurement used to document the disparity between an individual's test score and the mean
2	1	standard deviation	calculated measure that provides info on how much the data are spread around the mean (so deals with precision)  helps filter out biological noise	amount by which the scores vary from the mean. a higher means there is more variation in the scores
1	0	standard deviation	average distance of scores from mean	a computed measured of how much scores vary around the mean score
1	0	standard deviation	a computed measure of how much scores vary around the mean score...used only with interval or ratio scale data	a measure of dispersion of a data set, that is the square root of the variance.
3	1	standard deviation	how far, on average, each score was from the mean	the average measure of how much each score differs from the mean.
2	1	standard deviation	average deviation of each score from the mean	a computed measure of how much scores deviate from the mean score
3	1	standard deviation	how far scores deviate from the mean	a measure of the amount of variation in a set of scores - the typical amount by which scores deviate from the mean.
2	1	standard deviation	a measure of how spread out the data are, distance from the mean how spread out the bell is in a frequency distribution	a measure of how spread out numbers are within a population or sample. the more spread apart the data, the higher the deviation.
1	0	standard deviation	a measure of variability that describes an average distance of every score from the mean, same units as the measurements	measures the variability within a single sample; can use the standard error of the mean to determine how precisely he mean of the sample estimates the population mean
0	0	standard deviation	a computed measure of how much scores vary around the mean score. with more accurate technology, bump in deviation can go from large to incredibly thin minimizing average error.	a statistical measurement used to document the disparity between an individual's test score and the mean
2	1	standard deviation	amount by which the scores vary from the mean. a higher means there is more variation in the scores	is a measure of variability that indicates the typical distance between a set of scores of a distribution and the mean, or average, score.
3	1	standard deviation	the square root of the 'average' of each score's squared deviation from the mean score. (square root of the variance)	deviation of scores around the mean (square root of variance)
2	1	standard deviation	a measure that is used to quantify the amount of variation or dispersion of a set of data values (want within six standard deviation of the mean)	quantity amount of variation of a set of data
2	1	standard deviation	how far away your data is from mean (average score)	measures how much the scores vary from the mean. the percentages stay the same in every curve. used to compare scores
0	0	standard deviation	the most frequently used statistic for designating the degree of variability in a set of scores.	the average distance of data points from the mean
2	1	standard deviation	a popular measure of variability, is calculated based on the distance/dispersion of individual observations from their means	a statistical measurement used to document the disparity between an individual's test score and the mean
3	1	standard deviation	the square root of the variance (it is the typical distance of scores from the mean)	deviation of scores around the mean (square root of variance)
2	1	standard deviation	the square root of the variance. this measures how spread out the data are from the mean.	a measure of how spread out the data is from the mean and is useful for data that is fairly symmetric; the square root of variance
2	1	standard deviation	measures the variability within a single sample; can use the standard error of the mean to determine how precisely he mean of the sample estimates the population mean	measure of dispersion around the mean for normally distributed continuous data; expresses variability within the sample
0	0	standard deviation	the most common measure of spread that indicates how far each observation is from the mean	- measures spread around mean - must have at least 5 trials - assume: 1) normal distribution of values around mean 2) data not skewed to either end
1	0	standard deviation	the &"average&" scatter away from the mean. it is also the square root of the variance	measure shows how much variability there is in scores -&gt; looks at the scores at each end of a distribution
3	1	standard deviation	relates the average distance of any score from the mean	average distance from mean to a certain score
1	0	standard deviation	square root of variance, indicates spread of the data; large sdev means larger variability	square root of the variance is often used for statistical applications
3	1	standard deviation	the most widely used measure of dispersion of a frequency distribution, equal to the positive square root of the variance.	used to analyze descriptively the spread of scores in a distribution, the positive square root of variance. most common measure of dispersion.
2	1	standard deviation	is a statistics that indicates the average amount of deviation of values from the mean score	average deviation of scores on either side of the mean
2	1	standard deviation	a measure that is used to quantify the amount of variation or dispersion of a set of data values (want within six standard deviation of the mean)	-square root of variance -common measure of consistency in business applications, such as quality control -measures the amount of variance around the mean
2	1	standard deviation	amount by which the scores vary from the mean. a higher means there is more variation in the scores	a statistical measurement used to document the disparity between an individual's test score and the mean
2	1	standard deviation	how scores vary from the mean	calculated measure that provides info on how much the data are spread around the mean (so deals with precision)  helps filter out biological noise
1	0	standard deviation	amount by which the scores vary from the mean. a higher means there is more variation in the scores	associated with precision  measure of the actual spread in the data set, how much data differs from one another
2	1	standard deviation	a measure of variability of the data points from their own mean.  low = tighter distribution around the mean high = wider distribution around the mean	the most common measure of spread that indicates how far each observation is from the mean
2	1	standard deviation	a computed measure of how much scores vary around the mean score, about 68% and 95% of values are within one or two deviations	- measures how much the scores vary from the mean - percentages stay the same in every curve
2	1	standard deviation	how various percentages of scores fall away from the mean.	a computation that captures how far, on average, each score in a data set is from the mean.
2	1	standard deviation	a computed measure of how much scores vary around the mean score  square root of (x-mean)squared divided by n-1	1.) sum of deviation squared / sample size 2.) find square root of above equation
1	0	standard deviation	a measure of how spread out the data are from the mean.	a measure of how spread out numbers are. allows a &"standard&" way to know what is &"normal&" in a data set.
2	1	standard deviation	represent the typical distance a score is from the mean; used for interval/ratio data only.	- measure of average distance from the mean - most frequently used measure of variability
1	0	standard deviation	the average distance of data points from the mean	- an index of the degree of variability of study data around the mean of those data
1	0	standard deviation	second measure of dispersion, which corrects for such outliers using a formula that takes into account how close or how far each value lands relative to the distribution mean	indicates a type of average amount by which all the values deviate from the mean - the greater the dispersion, the bigger this is
3	1	standard deviation	the square root of the variance, common way to indicate how different a particular measurement is from the mean	a commonly used measure of variation equal to the square root of variance  represents variation around the sample mean
2	1	standard deviation	distance from the mean (square root of the variance) - measure of dispersion fro interval and ratio data	square root of the variance is often used for statistical applications
2	1	standard deviation	- average of all variance scores (data points are from the mean) - standard distance from the mean	a computed measure of how much scores vary around the mean score  so avrg of the difference between any number and the mean
2	1	standard deviation	amount by which the scores vary from the mean. a higher means there is more variation in the scores	a popular measure of variability, is calculated based on the distance/dispersion of individual observations from their means
1	0	standard deviation	a computed measure of how much scores vary around the mean score. with more accurate technology, bump in deviation can go from large to incredibly thin minimizing average error.	is a measure of variability that indicates the typical distance between a set of scores of a distribution and the mean, or average, score.
2	1	standard deviation	a measure of variability that describes an average distance of every score from the mean (normal distribution)	represent the typical distance a score is from the mean; used for interval/ratio data only.
2	1	standard deviation	average distance from the mean for a set of scores  becomes its own unit of measure (z-score-the # of standard deviations from the mean)	a measure of how far a piece of data is away from the average.
3	1	standard deviation	the most widely used measure of dispersion, it represents the average amount of variation around the mean	-most widely used variability index is standard deviation -calculated based on every vale in the distribution -summarizes the average amount of deviation of values from the mean
0	0	standard deviation	average amount either above or below the mean that the data deviate from the mean	a low standard deviation means that most bumber are close to average and the error of the mean
3	1	standard deviation	square root of the variance. provides exact distances from mean (unlike variance). illustrates how tightly data is clustered around mean.	measure of variability that describes the average distance from the mean; obtained by taking the square root of the variance
3	1	standard deviation	average distance of scores from mean	a measure of how close the scores are centered around the mean score. average amount that a given score deviates from the mean score
0	0	standard deviation	-from variance -square root of variance calculated more easily determined than variance -small data= #'s close to mean -large data=#'s far from mean (more variability) -coefficient of variation (cv)	square root of variance, indicates variability about the mean
2	1	standard deviation	how scores vary from the mean	a statistical measurement used to document the disparity between an individual's test score and the mean
0	0	standard deviation	&"s&" distance between mean and calculated amount of either side of mean (see p. 60)	technically the second moment calculated about the mean- scientists typically follow up on p values that are outside of 2 standard deviations from the mean.
2	1	standard deviation	used to measure variability of a data set. it is calculated as the square root of the variance of a set of data,	a computed measure of how much scores vary around the mean score...used only with interval or ratio scale data
2	1	standard deviation	quantity amount of variation of a set of data	a statistic that measures the amount of data dispersion around the mean.
2	1	standard deviation	average deviation of scores from the mean. square root of the variance. (becomes larger as more people have scores that lie farther from the mean value)	-measure of the average deviation (units) of each score from the mean -square root of variance
3	1	standard deviation	the square root of the variance (it is the typical distance of scores from the mean)	distance from mean; square root of average squared deviation
2	1	standard deviation	amount by which the scores vary from the mean. a higher means there is more variation in the scores	a computed measure of how much scores vary around the mean score. with more accurate technology, bump in deviation can go from large to incredibly thin minimizing average error.
2	1	standard deviation	average deviation of scores from the mean. square root of the variance. (becomes larger as more people have scores that lie farther from the mean value)	measure of how much all scores tend to vary from the sample mean. the square root of the average squared deviation from the mean
2	1	standard deviation	a measure of variability that describes an average distance of every score from the mean  the larger the sd, the more variable the scores	-describes how far the majority of scores fall from the mean.  -sd is the average distance the data are from the mean.
3	1	standard deviation	-calculated by taking the square root of the variance -spread of scores around the mean and acceptable wiggle room from the mean	measure of how much all scores tend to vary from the sample mean. the square root of the average squared deviation from the mean
3	1	standard deviation	a measure of variability that describes an average distance of every score from the mean, same units as the measurements	measures the dispersion in a frequency distribution; average distance of cases from mean
3	1	standard deviation	square root of the variance  the farther away the data points on the distribution are form the mean, the greater the variance and standard deviation	indicates a type of average amount by which all the values deviate from the mean - the greater the dispersion, the bigger this is
3	1	standard deviation	used to measure variability of a data set. it is calculated as the square root of the variance of a set of data,	a measure of dispersion of a data set, that is the square root of the variance.
2	1	standard deviation	calculated measure that provides info on how much the data are spread around the mean (so deals with precision)  helps filter out biological noise	is a measure of variability that indicates the typical distance between a set of scores of a distribution and the mean, or average, score.
1	0	standard deviation	measure of how much all scores tend to vary from the sample mean.  s=√Σ(x-m)/n	a computed measure of how much scores vary around the mean score. with more accurate technology, bump in deviation can go from large to incredibly thin minimizing average error.
2	1	standard deviation	indicated how far away scores tend to be from the mean, on average.  only appropriate for interval or ratio scale variables	a computed measure of how much scores vary around the mean  score   -(extent that measurements differ) range (diff between high and low), standard deviation
0	0	standard deviation	square root of the variance  the farther away the data points on the distribution are form the mean, the greater the variance and standard deviation	second measure of dispersion, which corrects for such outliers using a formula that takes into account how close or how far each value lands relative to the distribution mean
2	1	standard deviation	a measure of how much variation there is from the mean; calculating it uses every score in the set of data	estimates the spread of the scores away from the mean ***most common measure
3	1	standard deviation	measures average deviation of score from the mean	average deviation of scores on either side of the mean
3	1	standard deviation	a measure of variation (or variability) that indicates the typical distance between the scores of a distribution and the mean.	in descriptive statistics, a measure of variability that indicates the average extent to which all the scores in a distribution vary from the mean
1	0	standard deviation	-calculated by taking the square root of the variance -spread of scores around the mean and acceptable wiggle room from the mean	a measure of the extent to which a set of scores vary on either side of their mean vale (square root of variance)
0	0	standard deviation	doesn't give you full range of data difficult to calculate assumes a normal distribution pattern only use with an independent variable plotted against its frequency	measures variability around the mean, affected by outliers, appropriately applied only to continuous data that are normally distributed or that can be transformed to be normally distributed
3	1	standard deviation	measure of variability that describes the average distance from the mean; obtained by taking the square root of the variance	dispersion directly related to variance  the average distance values are from the mean  find by taking the square root of the variance
2	1	standard deviation	a measurement of how much scores vary from the mean score	an average distance of every score from the mean
1	0	standard deviation	a computed measure of how much scores vary around the mean score. with more accurate technology, bump in deviation can go from large to incredibly thin minimizing average error.	a popular measure of variability, is calculated based on the distance/dispersion of individual observations from their means
2	1	standard deviation	the measure of the spread of data around the mean (because the mean won't always give us enough information)	tells us how much, on average, the scores deviate from the mean
1	0	standard deviation	a computed measure of how much scores vary around the mean score, about 68% and 95% of values are within one or two deviations	a computed measure of how much scores vary around the mean  score   -(extent that measurements differ) range (diff between high and low), standard deviation
1	0	standard deviation	the square root of variance; a computed measure of how far data values are from their mean	square root of the variance  ** expressed in same unit as random variable **
3	1	standard deviation	a computed measure of how much scores vary around the mean score(uni-variate data, measure of spread)	- average of all variance scores (data points are from the mean) - standard distance from the mean
2	1	standard deviation	average distance from the mean for a set of scores  becomes its own unit of measure (z-score-the # of standard deviations from the mean)	measures the difference between every score and their mean
2	1	standard deviation	-from variance -square root of variance calculated more easily determined than variance -small data= #'s close to mean -large data=#'s far from mean (more variability) -coefficient of variation (cv)	square root of variance, indicates spread of the data; large sdev means larger variability
2	1	standard deviation	a statistical measure that shows the average amount that values vary (aka &"dispersion&") from the mean.	-most widely used variability index is standard deviation -calculated based on every vale in the distribution -summarizes the average amount of deviation of values from the mean
2	1	standard deviation	indicates a degree of data variability a higher standard deviation means there is more variability which means there is a lot lower and higher data	a calculation of the average difference between each score in the data set and the mean. bigger values indicate greater variation.
3	1	standard deviation	the square root of the variance, provides a measure of the standard, or average distance from the mean	a measure of variability that describes an average distance of every score from the mean. calculated as the square root of sd^2 (variance).
3	1	standard deviation	a measure of variability that describes an average distance of every score from the mean (normal distribution)	measures the average distance from the mean
0	0	standard deviation	variance is expressed in square units, standard deviation is not. equation is the square root of the variance equation. standard deviation tells you about the variation in a sample	is calculated, very simply, as the square root of the variance, as shown in figure 3-5.
2	1	standard deviation	measure of spread, value of error bars	spread of data in accordance to distance from the mean (square root of variance)
1	0	standard deviation	is a measure of variability that indicates the typical distance between a set of scores of a distribution and the mean, or average, score.	associated with precision  measure of the actual spread in the data set, how much data differs from one another
2	1	standard deviation	quantity calculated to indicate the extent of deviation for a data set as a whole.	a computed measure of how much scores vary around the mean score...used only with interval or ratio scale data
3	1	standard deviation	a measure of the dispersion of a set of data from its mean; expresses the variability of a population or set of data.	frequently used measure of the variability in a set of data
3	1	standard deviation	a measure of how spread out numbers are within a population or sample. the more spread apart the data, the higher the deviation.	one number that describes the spread in a set of data. if the data points are close together, the standard deviation will be smaller than if they are spread out.
2	1	standard deviation	.the average distance from the mean (portrays how far away from the median individual scores on average are located) .the square root of the variance	a descriptive statistic that portrays how far away from the mean individual scores on average are located.
3	1	standard deviation	how far away your data is from mean (average score)	the amount scores vary around the mean
3	1	standard deviation	-calculated by taking the square root of the variance -spread of scores around the mean and acceptable wiggle room from the mean	the square root of the variance -provides a measure of the standard (average) distance from the mean (smaller = less scatter, more precision)
1	0	standard deviation	indicates a degree of data variability a higher standard deviation means there is more variability which means there is a lot lower and higher data	average amount either above or below the mean that the data deviate from the mean
3	1	standard deviation	distance from mean; square root of average squared deviation	deviation of scores around the mean (square root of variance)
3	1	standard deviation	an indication of how much individual scores differ or vary from the mean.	measure of variability that takes into account how far each data point is from the mean
2	1	standard deviation	s; measures how closely the data are clustered about the mean (lower the number, the more closely the data are clustered about the mean	a statistic measuring how closely data are clustered about the mean value.
2	1	standard deviation	measure of how spread out values are from the mean  (standard deviation represented by greek letter sigma)	a measure of how much a typical value in the data set differs from the mean (a.k.a. average). represented by the greek alphabet σ (read aloud as &"sigma&")
2	1	standard deviation	the average difference between each score and the mean for that data set. measures how closely related the data points are to each other	- an index of the degree of variability of study data around the mean of those data
2	1	standard deviation	a measure of variability computed by taking the positive square root of the variance	square root of the variance is often used for statistical applications
2	1	standard deviation	average amount all scores varied from the mean; most important statistic for organizing data	a measure of how far a piece of data is away from the average.
2	1	standard deviation	.the average distance from the mean (portrays how far away from the median individual scores on average are located) .the square root of the variance	portrays how far away from the mean individual scores on average are located
2	1	standard deviation	a measure of variability that indicates the average differences between the scores and their mean	in descriptive statistics, a measure of variability that indicates the average extent to which all the scores in a distribution vary from the mean
2	1	standard deviation	measures the dispersion in a frequency distribution; average distance of cases from mean	the measure of the approximate average amount scores in a distribution deviate from the mean. distribution with a larger standard deviation have more spread.
3	1	standard deviation	how data is dispersed or spread among the mean - how tightly data points are clustered around the mean	the measure of variation that tells you how tightly all of the cases are clustered around the mean
1	0	standard deviation	a number that tells how spread out data tend to be, it is a measure of how far numbers tend to be from their average.	indicates the spread of data relative to the mean; essentially shows where the bulk of the data would be found (68%, 1sd, 94% 2sd); can help to identify outliers
2	1	standard deviation	how scores vary from the mean	estimates the spread of the scores away from the mean ***most common measure
2	1	standard deviation	a measure of how spread out numbers are within a population or sample. the more spread apart the data, the higher the deviation.	a measure of how spread out the data are (that involves using the mean and a variety of calculations)
3	1	standard deviation	the average deviation of scores from the mean (the square root of the variance).	indicates that average deviation of from mean   symbolized as s abbreviated sd
3	1	standard deviation	a descriptive statistic that portrays how far away from the mean individual scores on average are located.	tells you the typical difference between any one score and the mean of all scores
1	0	standard deviation	- average of all variance scores (data points are from the mean) - standard distance from the mean	computed measure of how much scorews vary around the mean score (+/-)
0	0	standard deviation	the measure of the spread of all values in a series of observations is a known as the	the type of deviation used most often in the meteorological studies is the
2	1	standard deviation	a measure of variability that indicates how spread apart the numbers are in a distribution	representation of the variability or spread of the dataset; the amount the scores in a distribution deviate from the mean
2	1	standard deviation	how scores vary from the mean	is a measure of variability that indicates the typical distance between a set of scores of a distribution and the mean, or average, score.
1	0	standard deviation	is a measure of variability that indicates the typical distance between a set of scores of a distribution and the mean, or average, score.	a statistical measurement used to document the disparity between an individual's test score and the mean
3	1	standard deviation	average distance from mean to a certain score	the average of the deviation of each individual score around the mean
3	1	standard deviation	measure of spread of data points values around the mean square root of the &"variance&"	spread of data in accordance to distance from the mean (square root of variance)
2	1	standard deviation	a measure of variability that describes an average distance of every score from the mean, same units as the measurements	measure of dispersion around the mean for normally distributed continuous data; expresses variability within the sample
2	1	standard deviation	average amount all scores varied from the mean; most important statistic for organizing data	measures the difference between every score and their mean
1	0	standard deviation	the average distance each value is from the mean to determine the spread of the data	a measure of how different the individual data values are from the mean.
3	1	standard deviation	a measure of spread that describes an average distance of every score from the mean	measures the average distance from the mean
2	1	standard deviation	a statistic that shows the variation of values around the mean.	this shows the spread of all the values around the mean and therefore it has the same units as the values.
3	1	standard deviation	relates the average distance of any score from the mean	the average of the deviation of each individual score around the mean
1	0	standard deviation	how scores vary from the mean	a computed measure of how much scores vary around the mean score. with more accurate technology, bump in deviation can go from large to incredibly thin minimizing average error.
3	1	standard deviation	the spread of data around the mean (average) - 68% of values are within 1 sd - 95% of values within 2 sd	a term used to summarize the spread of values around the mean. 68% fall within +/- 1 sd 95% fall within +/- 2 sd.
3	1	standard deviation	- symbolized as s - indicates the average deviation of scores from the mean  - in scientific reports, it is abbreviated as sd	indicates that average deviation of from mean   symbolized as s abbreviated sd
2	1	standard deviation	indicates a degree of data variability a higher standard deviation means there is more variability which means there is a lot lower and higher data	a low standard deviation means that most bumber are close to average and the error of the mean
2	1	standard deviation	average distance that the data values/scores are from the mean (x bar) *most common measure of spread	a measure of how spread out values are from the mean
1	0	standard deviation	the average difference between each score and the mean for that data set. measures how closely related the data points are to each other	the most frequently used statistic for designating the degree of variability in a set of scores.
1	0	standard deviation	measures variability by averaging dispersion of numbers around the mean	measures the variability within a single sample; can use the standard error of the mean to determine how precisely he mean of the sample estimates the population mean
2	1	standard deviation	average amount all scores varied from the mean; most important statistic for organizing data	average distance from the mean for a set of scores  becomes its own unit of measure (z-score-the # of standard deviations from the mean)
2	1	standard deviation	measures the average difference between each score in the mean of the data set	measures the difference between every score and their mean
2	1	standard deviation	a measure that describes how far off individual values are from the mean.	measures the typical distance of the values in a distribution from the mean (does depend on the actual values of the observations)
2	1	standard deviation	estimates the spread of the scores away from the mean ***most common measure	a popular measure of variability, is calculated based on the distance/dispersion of individual observations from their means
3	1	standard deviation	a measure of spread that describes an average distance of every score from the mean	a measure of variability that describes an average distance of every score from the mean (normal distribution)
2	1	standard deviation	the average amount of error between the mean and the observed scores in the data. the square root of the variance and a measure of dispersion.	the average amount that scores deviate from the mean (square root of the variance)
0	0	standard deviation	frequently used measure of the variability in a set of data	measurement of variability about the mean, can also be used to determine outliers
1	0	standard deviation	the standard deviation tells us how the whole collection of values varies, so it's a natural ruler for comparing an individual to a group.	the distance between the value and the mean
2	1	standard deviation	average measure of difference from the mean of the data (how spread out the data is)	a measure of how spread out values are from the mean
3	1	standard deviation	how tightly data points are clustered together around the mean	how the data is dispersed or spread around the mean
2	1	standard deviation	how various percentages of scores fall away from the mean.	the average distance values fall from the mean
2	1	standard deviation	estimates the spread of the scores away from the mean ***most common measure	is a measure of variability that indicates the typical distance between a set of scores of a distribution and the mean, or average, score.
0	0	standard deviation	indicates a degree of data variability a higher standard deviation means there is more variability which means there is a lot lower and higher data	average absolute difference between each data point and the mean set of data. large sd suggests high dispersion. s = sample standard deviation. σ = population standard deviation.
1	0	standard deviation	-square root of variance -common measure of consistency in business applications, such as quality control -measures the amount of variance around the mean	a statistic that measures the amount of data dispersion around the mean.
3	1	standard deviation	statistic used to descriptively analyze the spread of scores in a distribution; square root of the variance; measure of dispersion.	used to analyze descriptively the spread of scores in a distribution, the positive square root of variance. most common measure of dispersion.
1	0	standard deviation	measures variability by averaging dispersion of numbers around the mean	measure of dispersion around the mean for normally distributed continuous data; expresses variability within the sample
2	1	standard deviation	a measure of how far a piece of data is away from the average.	measures the difference between every score and their mean
2	1	standard deviation	measure to quantify the amount of variation or dispersion of a set of data values	-square root of variance -common measure of consistency in business applications, such as quality control -measures the amount of variance around the mean
3	1	standard deviation	a measure of the extent to which a set of scores vary on either side of their mean vale (square root of variance)	measure of how much all scores tend to vary from the sample mean. the square root of the average squared deviation from the mean
1	0	standard deviation	a popular measure of variability, is calculated based on the distance/dispersion of individual observations from their means	associated with precision  measure of the actual spread in the data set, how much data differs from one another
1	0	standard deviation	-how much scored deviate form the man, positive square roof of variance.  -the bigger the standard deviation, the wider the range.	square root of the variance -how much each score deviates from the mean
2	1	standard deviation	a measure of how spread out the data are, distance from the mean how spread out the bell is in a frequency distribution	a measure of how spread out the data are (that involves using the mean and a variety of calculations)
2	1	standard deviation	on average, how far each value is from the mean	the spread of the values around the mean  -affected by outliers -smaller = more consistency
1	0	standard deviation	average absolute difference between each data point and the mean set of data. large sd suggests high dispersion. s = sample standard deviation. σ = population standard deviation.	a calculation of the average difference between each score in the data set and the mean. bigger values indicate greater variation.
2	1	standard deviation	- measures how much the scores vary from the mean - percentages stay the same in every curve	a computed measure of how much scores vary around the mean  score   -(extent that measurements differ) range (diff between high and low), standard deviation
2	1	standard deviation	most frequently used measure of variability provides overall measurement of how participants scores differ from mean score of group	-describes how far the majority of scores fall from the mean.  -sd is the average distance the data are from the mean.
0	0	standard deviation	calculated measure that provides info on how much the data are spread around the mean (so deals with precision)  helps filter out biological noise	a measure of how much variation there is from the mean; calculating it uses every score in the set of data
1	0	standard deviation	it is a descriptive statistic — which is a measure of dispersion, or spread — of sampled data around the mean.	this is the most widely used measure of variability in descriptive statistics. it is easy to interpret and is the most preferred measure for dispersion for frequency distributions:
1	0	standard deviation	an estimate of how widely the scores are spread around the mean in a frequency distribution	a measure of variability that indicates how spread apart the numbers are in a distribution
3	1	standard deviation	a measure of dispersion that indicates how much the cores in a sample differ from the mean in the sample	the measure of the dispersion of individual scores around our sample mean
3	1	standard deviation	s sd indicates the average deviation of scores from the mean	the average deviation of scores from the mean (the square root of the variance).
3	1	standard deviation	the average amount that scores deviate from the mean (square root of the variance)	represents the &"average&" deviation from the mean. calculated as the square root of the variance.
1	0	standard deviation	how scores vary from the mean	associated with precision  measure of the actual spread in the data set, how much data differs from one another
3	1	standard deviation	how tightly data points are clustered together around the mean	the measure of variation that tells you how tightly all of the cases are clustered around the mean
0	0	standard deviation	used to measure variability of a data set. it is calculated as the square root of the variance of a set of data,	quantity calculated to indicate the extent of deviation for a data set as a whole.
1	0	standard deviation	a measure of the dispersion of a set of data from its mean; expresses the variability of a population or set of data.	measurement of variability about the mean, can also be used to determine outliers
2	1	standard deviation	measure of how spread out values are from the mean  (standard deviation represented by greek letter sigma)	the measure of how much a typical value in the data set differs from the mean
1	0	standard deviation	measure of spread of data points values around the mean square root of the &"variance&"	measure of spread, value of error bars
3	1	standard deviation	how data is dispersed or spread among the mean - how tightly data points are clustered around the mean	how tightly data points are clustered together around the mean
2	1	standard deviation	measure of how much all scores tend to vary from the sample mean.  s=√Σ(x-m)/n	a popular measure of variability, is calculated based on the distance/dispersion of individual observations from their means
1	0	standard deviation	average absolute difference between each data point and the mean set of data. large sd suggests high dispersion. s = sample standard deviation. σ = population standard deviation.	a low standard deviation means that most bumber are close to average and the error of the mean
3	1	standard deviation	the square root of the variance -always presented with the mean -con variables	square root of variance used more often when comparing the spread of data
2	1	standard deviation	a measure of variability that indicates the average differences between the scores and their mean	a measure of variation (or variability) that indicates the typical distance between the scores of a distribution and the mean.
3	1	standard deviation	a measure of spread that describes an average distance of every score from the mean	- measure of average distance from the mean - most frequently used measure of variability
2	1	standard deviation	a measurement of how far away a data value is from the mean	measures the variability in a set of data  - shows, on average, how far away the data values are from the mean
2	1	standard deviation	how scores vary from the mean	measure of how much all scores tend to vary from the sample mean.  s=√Σ(x-m)/n
2	1	standard deviation	typical divergence away from the mean	a measurement of how far away a data value is from the mean
3	1	standard deviation	s sd indicates the average deviation of scores from the mean	- symbolized as s - indicates the average deviation of scores from the mean  - in scientific reports, it is abbreviated as sd
3	1	standard deviation	the average amount of error between the mean and the observed scores in the data. the square root of the variance and a measure of dispersion.	represents the &"average&" deviation from the mean. calculated as the square root of the variance.
2	1	standard deviation	measure of the average deviation from the mean	a descriptive statistic that measures the variability of data from the mean of the sample
3	1	standard deviation	shows how tightly the data is dispersed around the mean  low sd- data tightly dispersed around mean high sd- data widely dispersed around mean	the measure of variation that tells you how tightly all of the cases are clustered around the mean
2	1	standard deviation	computed measure of how much scorews vary around the mean score (+/-)	a computed measure of how much scores vary around the mean score  so avrg of the difference between any number and the mean
1	0	standard deviation	associated with precision  measure of the actual spread in the data set, how much data differs from one another	a statistical measurement used to document the disparity between an individual's test score and the mean
1	0	standard deviation	a measure of how spread out the data is from the mean and is useful for data that is fairly symmetric; the square root of variance	the square root of variance the larger the standard deviation the more varied or possibly skewed the data
0	0	standard deviation	-from variance -square root of variance calculated more easily determined than variance -small data= #'s close to mean -large data=#'s far from mean (more variability) -coefficient of variation (cv)	square root of the variance is often used for statistical applications
2	1	standard deviation	measures how much the scores vary from the mean. the percentages stay the same in every curve. used to compare scores	the amount scores vary around the mean
0	0	standard deviation	measures spread by looking how far the observations are from the mean	this is the most widely used measure of variability in descriptive statistics. it is easy to interpret and is the most preferred measure for dispersion for frequency distributions:
2	1	standard deviation	measure to quantify the amount of variation or dispersion of a set of data values	a statistic that measures the amount of data dispersion around the mean.
2	1	standard deviation	the square root of the variance (s) provides a measure of the standard/average, distance from the mean always 0 or a positive number	dispersion directly related to variance  the average distance values are from the mean  find by taking the square root of the variance
2	1	standard deviation	how data is dispersed or spread among the mean - how tightly data points are clustered around the mean	how the data is dispersed or spread around the mean
1	0	standard deviation	a measure of how much variation there is from the mean; calculating it uses every score in the set of data	associated with precision  measure of the actual spread in the data set, how much data differs from one another
3	1	standard deviation	a computed measure of how much scores vary around the mean score(uni-variate data, measure of spread)	computed measure of how much scorews vary around the mean score (+/-)
0	0	standard deviation	quantity amount of variation of a set of data	-square root of variance -common measure of consistency in business applications, such as quality control -measures the amount of variance around the mean
1	0	standard deviation	measure of how much all scores tend to vary from the sample mean.  s=√Σ(x-m)/n	associated with precision  measure of the actual spread in the data set, how much data differs from one another
1	0	standard deviation	the most frequently used statistic for designating the degree of variability in a set of scores.	- an index of the degree of variability of study data around the mean of those data
3	1	standard deviation	s sd indicates the average deviation of scores from the mean	indicates that average deviation of from mean   symbolized as s abbreviated sd
2	1	standard deviation	the square root of the 'average' of each score's squared deviation from the mean score. (square root of the variance)	distance from mean; square root of average squared deviation
3	1	standard deviation	measures average deviation of score from the mean	is a statistics that indicates the average amount of deviation of values from the mean score
3	1	standard deviation	distance from the mean (square root of the variance) - measure of dispersion fro interval and ratio data	a measure of variability that describes the deviation from the mean of a frequency distribution in the original units of measurement; the square root of the variance
2	1	standard deviation	a computed measure of how much scores vary around the mean score. with more accurate technology, bump in deviation can go from large to incredibly thin minimizing average error.	estimates the spread of the scores away from the mean ***most common measure
1	0	standard deviation	average amount either above or below the mean that the data deviate from the mean	a calculation of the average difference between each score in the data set and the mean. bigger values indicate greater variation.
3	1	standard deviation	how data is dispersed or spread among the mean - how tightly data points are clustered around the mean	shows how tightly the data is dispersed around the mean  low sd- data tightly dispersed around mean high sd- data widely dispersed around mean
2	1	standard deviation	amount by which the scores vary from the mean. a higher means there is more variation in the scores	estimates the spread of the scores away from the mean ***most common measure
1	0	standard deviation	square root of the variance. provides exact distances from mean (unlike variance). illustrates how tightly data is clustered around mean.	the square root of the variance (s) provides a measure of the standard/average, distance from the mean always 0 or a positive number
3	1	standard deviation	a measure that describes how far off individual values are from the mean.	measures the typical distance of the values in a distribution from the mean
1	0	standard deviation	measure of how much all scores tend to vary from the sample mean.  s=√Σ(x-m)/n	estimates the spread of the scores away from the mean ***most common measure
2	1	standard deviation	square root of variance, indicates variability about the mean	square root of the variance is often used for statistical applications
3	1	standard deviation	summarizes the spread of values around the mean (the variability of the data)	spread of scores around the mean, represents the variability in the data, shows inconsistency
0	0	standard deviation	most frequently used measure of variability provides overall measurement of how participants scores differ from mean score of group	variability or dispersion of scores around the mean, represented by &"s&"
2	1	standard deviation	is a measure of variability that indicates the typical distance between a set of scores of a distribution and the mean, or average, score.	a popular measure of variability, is calculated based on the distance/dispersion of individual observations from their means
3	1	standard deviation	square root of the variance  most common descriptive statistic  the average amount that scores vary from the mean	the square root of the average of the squared deviations from the mean; it is the typical amount that each score varies, or deviates, from the mean
1	0	standard deviation	how scores vary from the mean	a popular measure of variability, is calculated based on the distance/dispersion of individual observations from their means
3	1	standard deviation	the average amount that scores deviate from the mean (square root of the variance)	the typical deviation between an individual score and the group mean  sd = square root of the variance
1	0	standard deviation	the measure of the spread of data around the mean (because the mean won't always give us enough information)	tells us approximately how much data points vary from the mean
2	1	standard deviation	indicated how far away scores tend to be from the mean, on average.  only appropriate for interval or ratio scale variables	- measures how much the scores vary from the mean - percentages stay the same in every curve
2	1	standard deviation	on average, how much individual values differ from the mean; the square root of the variance	square root of the variance  most common descriptive statistic  the average amount that scores vary from the mean
3	1	standard deviation	it is a descriptive statistic — which is a measure of dispersion, or spread — of sampled data around the mean.	measures spread by looking how far the observations are from the mean
3	1	standard deviation	represents the &"average&" deviation from the mean. calculated as the square root of the variance.	the typical deviation between an individual score and the group mean  sd = square root of the variance
2	1	main idea	what the article is mostly about (can use the headline and often repeated words to help you figure it out)	a statement that tells what the passage is mostly about (topic + important ideas)  what the author wants the reader to know about the subject
2	1	main idea	what the text is trying to convey to the reader	most important or central thought of a paragraph or larger section of text, which tells the reader what the text is about.
0	0	main idea	identify the subject of the passage or determine which choice best tells what the passage is about	measures your ability to identify the author's ideas, attitudes, and tone.
1	0	main idea	what a fiction text is mostly about	the central idea in a nonfiction text; what a text is mostly about.
2	1	main idea	this is the most important idea of a reading passage or presentation.	the central or most important idea about a topic that is written in complete sentence
1	0	main idea	identify the subject of the passage or determine which choice best tells what the passage is about	require you to make an inference based on facts that you have to piece together from the passage.
1	0	main idea	the most important thought in a story or speech; what the story or speech is all about	the central or most important idea about a topic that is written in complete sentence
1	0	main idea	the central idea of a piece of text that is supported by details	the central idea of a piece of writing (topic + author's point)
2	1	main idea	most important or central thought of a paragraph or larger section of text, which tells the reader what the text is about.	what the passage is mostly about. the main idea can be constructed from the various supporting details inthe text
2	1	main idea	a statement that tells what the passage is mostly about   what the author wants the reader to know about the subject	the point the author wants you to understand; what the story is mostly about
2	1	main idea	the idea the author is trying to convey	the point or message the author is trying to make about a person, place, thing or idea
2	1	main idea	most important idea about the topic	a statement that tells what the passage is mostly about (topic + important ideas)  what the author wants the reader to know about the subject
3	1	main idea	is the big point or the most important idea that the writer is communicating to the reader.	the most important part that a writer wants to express
0	0	main idea	require you to make an inference based on facts that you have to piece together from the passage.	think, predict, indicate, feel, probably, seem, imply, suggest, assume, infer, and most likely
2	1	main idea	the most important idea is what the text mostly tells about a topic	.what the text is mostly about. what the author wants you to understand about a topic.
2	1	main idea	what the text (passage, book, or paragraph) is mostly about	what the text is trying to convey to the reader
2	1	main idea	what the text is mostly about. (1 sentence summary!)	the author's central thought ( can be listed as the topic sentence of a paragraph or implied)
2	1	main idea	you have to focus on the most important details look for content clues. what is the author trying to tell you.	a statement that tells what the passage is mostly about (topic + important ideas)  what the author wants the reader to know about the subject
2	1	main idea	this is the most important idea of a reading passage or presentation.	the most important thought in a story or speech; what the story or speech is all about
2	1	main idea	the most important thought in a story or speech; what the story or speech is all about	the most important idea: topic + the point
1	0	main idea	understanding a main idea you must comprehend the text. focus on the biggest idea.	you have to focus on the most important details look for content clues. what is the author trying to tell you.
0	0	main idea	which of the following best summarizes the main topic of the passage....	the speakers attitude is best described as one of...
2	1	main idea	what the whole story is about, main thing writer wants to say about topic. can also be called the central point/ idea	primary point or concept
2	1	main idea	what the author wants the reader to know about the subject what the story is mainly about!	you have to focus on the most important details look for content clues. what is the author trying to tell you.
2	1	main idea	the most important idea a writer makes in a paragraph or passage.	purpose of paragraph or text all information in the paragraph should connect to the main idea some information is not as important good readers identify key ideas
2	1	main idea	the author's central thought; the chief topic of a text expressed or implied in a word or phrase; the topic sentence of a paragraph.	what the text is mostly about. (1 sentence summary!)
1	0	main idea	all the other supporting details in the text or within a paragraph should tell us more about the main idea.	is a sentence about what the text is about or what the author wants you to knows
0	0	memory model	global variables - fixed location in memory local variables and params - run-time stack  dynamically allocated variables - heap	starts at the highest memory addresses (0xffffffff), grows into lower addresses.
3	1	data type	a specific type of data that can be used in a programming language. in alice the data types that we used most often included number, boolean, and object.	defines what kind of value a variable can hold such as number or string
3	1	data type	defines what kind of value a variable can hold such as number or string	indicates the type of data a memory location (variable or named constant) can store
0	0	data type	a detailed coding scheme recognized by system software, such as a dbms, for representing organizational data	the data type of an identifier determines how data items will be represented with the computer.
1	0	data type	in java, every variable has a type declared in the source code. there are two kinds of types: reference types and primitive types. reference types are references to objects.	a description of the set of values and the basic set of operations that can be applied to values of the type
2	1	data type	characteristic that defines data that can be stored in a field, such as numbers, text, or dates.	identifies the type of data that can be stored in a field.
3	1	data type	a particular kind of data item, as defined by the values it can take, the programming language used, or the operations that can be performed on it.	describes the type of data that can be stored there, how much memory the item occupies, and what types of operations can be performed on the data
1	0	data type	(ex: number, boolean, or string) a value's property that dictates how the computer will interpret it. for example 7+5 is interpreted differently from &"7&"+&"5&"	all values in a programming language have a &"type&" - such as a number, boolean, or string - that dictates how the computer will interpret it.
1	0	data type	a kind of data that variables may hold in a programming language plus the operations automatically provided. examples are character, integer, floating point	indicates the type of data a memory location (variable or named constant) can store
3	1	data type	the type of data that a variable holds (ex. a number, string, boolean, object, null, undefined)	the specific category of information that a variable contains, such as numeric, boolean, or string.
2	1	data type	characteristic that defines data that can be stored in a field, such as numbers, text, or dates.	determines what field values you can enter for the field
3	1	data type	determines the type of data that can be entered and the operations that can be preformed on that data.	determines what can be entered and the operations can be performed within a field
2	1	data type	the type of data the variable holds; defines what actions can be performed on it	specifies the range of values a variable can hold and the operations that can be performed on it
1	0	data type	in java, every variable has a type declared in the source code. there are two kinds of types: reference types and primitive types. reference types are references to objects.	the specific type of data a variable is designed to hold.   having the proper data type can be crucial in running a an error-free program.
1	0	data type	in java, every variable has a type declared in the source code. there are two kinds of types: reference types and primitive types. reference types are references to objects.	defines what kind of value a variable can hold such as number or string
1	0	data type	a classification identifying one of various types of data, such as real, integer or boolean, that determines the possible values for that type.	attribute that specifies the type of data an object can hold, as well as how many bytes each data type can take up
3	1	data type	a class of data that be stored in an attribute.•character, integers, real numbers, dates, pictures, etc.	a class of data that be stored in an attribute. character, integers, real number, dates, picture etc
1	0	data type	type of data a variable is intended to store in java some basic variable types are string, int, char, double	the specific category of information that a variable contains, such as numeric, boolean, or string.
3	1	data type	the kind of information a field contains—whether text, number, date/time, or some other type.	indicates the type of data, text, date, boolean and/or numbers, that can be stored in a field
1	0	data type	in a database, used to defined fields, such as text, date, or number.	identifies the type of data that can be entered into a field (text, number, or currecy; *arithmetic operation = number)
2	1	data type	the kind of information a field contains—whether text, number, date/time, or some other type.	the type of data being stored, for example a number, string (text)
0	0	data type	a data classification that tells a computer what kind of data is to be used.  examples: int, double, char, string, bool	a set of values together with a set of operations (i.e. simple data type, structured data type, pointers)
1	0	data type	the specific type of data a variable is designed to hold.   having the proper data type can be crucial in running a an error-free program.	a kind of data that variables may hold in a programming language plus the operations automatically provided. examples are character, integer, floating point
3	1	data type	characteristic that defines data that can be stored in a field, such as numbers, text, or dates.	in a database, used to defined fields, such as text, date, or number.
2	1	data type	refers to the type of data that will be placed in a named memory location (also known as a variable). examples are real, integer, and string.	a specific type of data that can be used in a programming language. in alice the data types that we used most often included number, boolean, and object.
1	0	data type	a set of values and a set of operations on those values	collection of data values and a set of predefined operations on those values
1	0	data type	a class of data that can be stored in an attribute	an attribute of data that describes the values it can have and how the data can be used
2	1	data type	defines the information that can be stored in a variable, the size of needed memory and the operations that can be performed with the variable.	the specific type of data a variable is designed to hold.   having the proper data type can be crucial in running a an error-free program.
0	0	data type	the specific type of data a variable is designed to hold.   having the proper data type can be crucial in running a an error-free program.	a specific type of data that can be used in a programming language. in alice the data types that we used most often included number, boolean, and object.
2	1	data type	the type of content a variable holds, like an integer or a string of characters.	the way the field will be recognized by the system (integer, string, real or boolean)
1	0	data type	defines the information that can be stored in a variable, the size of needed memory and the operations that can be performed with the variable.	a specific type of data that can be used in a programming language. in alice the data types that we used most often included number, boolean, and object.
2	1	data type	in outsystems every piece of data, like a variable, is of a certain data type, that dictates what sort of operations can be applied to it	describes the type of data that can be stored there, how much memory the item occupies, and what types of operations can be performed on the data
3	1	data type	the kind of data stored in each variable	used to define variables to indicate what kind of value the variable can hold.
2	1	data type	defines the information that can be stored in a variable, the size of needed memory and the operations that can be performed with the variable.	a kind of data that variables may hold in a programming language plus the operations automatically provided. examples are character, integer, floating point
3	1	data type	a classification that identifies various types of data and what actions they can perform (e.g boolean, integer, real, character, string...)	a classification that defines what a stored item is or is not, such as integer, float, string, or boolean.
3	1	data type	indicates the type of data, text, date, boolean and/or numbers, that can be stored in a field	the type of data being stored, for example a number, string (text)
3	1	data type	determines what field values you can enter for the field	identifies the type of data that can be entered into a field (text, number, or currecy; *arithmetic operation = number)
2	1	data type	a group of values &  the operations defined on those values	a set of values together with a set of operations (i.e. simple data type, structured data type, pointers)
0	0	data type	a kind of data that variables may hold in a programming language plus the operations automatically provided. examples are character, integer, floating point	defines what kind of value a variable can hold such as number or string
1	0	data type	the specific type of data a variable is designed to hold.   having the proper data type can be crucial in running a an error-free program.	defines what kind of value a variable can hold such as number or string
1	0	data type	defines the information that can be stored in a variable, the size of needed memory and the operations that can be performed with the variable.	in java, every variable has a type declared in the source code. there are two kinds of types: reference types and primitive types. reference types are references to objects.
2	1	data type	in a database, used to defined fields, such as text, date, or number.	determines what field values you can enter for the field
3	1	data type	determines what field values you can enter for the field	identifies the type of data that can be stored in a field.
2	1	data type	refers to the type of data that will be placed in a named memory location (also known as a variable). examples are real, integer, and string.	defines what kind of value a variable can hold such as number or string
0	0	data type	a data classification that tells a computer what kind of data is to be used.  examples: int, double, char, string, bool	a group of values &  the operations defined on those values
1	0	data type	define storage format and allowable content of an attribute (field)	specifies the kind of data a field can contain
1	0	data type	the specific type of data a variable is designed to hold.   having the proper data type can be crucial in running a an error-free program.	indicates the type of data a memory location (variable or named constant) can store
1	0	data type	defines the allowed/restricted values in certain fields	defines a field for a table - examples include short text, number or currency
1	0	data type	defines the allowed/restricted values in certain fields	used to control how data in a particular field will be searched, sorted, or used in calculations. the default format is text.
2	1	data type	a kind of data that variables may hold in a programming language plus the operations automatically provided. examples are character, integer, floating point	a specific type of data that can be used in a programming language. in alice the data types that we used most often included number, boolean, and object.
0	0	data type	used to control how data in a particular field will be searched, sorted, or used in calculations. the default format is text.	defines a field for a table - examples include short text, number or currency
3	1	data type	a class of data that be stored in an attribute.•character, integers, real numbers, dates, pictures, etc.	what class of data can be stored in the attribute  e.g. characters, numeric, date, binary
0	0	data type	a description of the set of values and the basic set of operations that can be applied to values of the type	indicates the type of data a memory location (variable or named constant) can store
1	0	data type	defines the information that can be stored in a variable, the size of needed memory and the operations that can be performed with the variable.	defines what kind of value a variable can hold such as number or string
3	1	data type	specification about the kinds of data that can be stored in the attribute.	an attribute that tells what kind of data that value can have.
1	0	data type	used to control how data in a particular field will be searched, sorted, or used in calculations. the default format is text.	is the term used to identify whether a field is numeric, text, date, etc.
3	1	data type	identifies the type of data that can be stored in a field.	identifies the type of data that can be entered into a field (text, number, or currecy; *arithmetic operation = number)
3	1	data type	the type of content a variable holds, like an integer or a string of characters.	defines the type of data you intend to store in a variable [integer (whole number), real (decimal number), string (series of characters)]
1	0	data type	in java, every variable has a type declared in the source code. there are two kinds of types: reference types and primitive types. reference types are references to objects.	a specific type of data that can be used in a programming language. in alice the data types that we used most often included number, boolean, and object.
2	1	data type	in a database, used to defined fields, such as text, date, or number.	identifies the type of data that can be stored in a field.
1	0	data type	is the term used to identify whether a field is numeric, text, date, etc.	defines a field for a table - examples include short text, number or currency
0	0	data type	values in javascript appear in special appearances or &"dressings&"	is javascript's interpretation of the kind of data a program can work with these include string, number, array, boolean, null, object, and undefined.
3	1	data type	defines the type of data you intend to store in a variable [integer (whole number), real (decimal number), string (series of characters)]	the way the field will be recognized by the system (integer, string, real or boolean)
2	1	data type	a specific type of data that can be used in a programming language. in alice the data types that we used most often included number, boolean, and object.	indicates the type of data a memory location (variable or named constant) can store
0	0	data type	in java, every variable has a type declared in the source code. there are two kinds of types: reference types and primitive types. reference types are references to objects.	a kind of data that variables may hold in a programming language plus the operations automatically provided. examples are character, integer, floating point
2	1	data type	in outsystems every piece of data, like a variable, is of a certain data type, that dictates what sort of operations can be applied to it	a particular kind of data item, as defined by the values it can take, the programming language used, or the operations that can be performed on it.
1	0	data type	defines what kind of values can be stored in a variable or other data structure element, such as integer or text	specifies the kind of information that data can be and is essentially the meaning of the data
3	1	data type	what class of data can be stored in the attribute  e.g. characters, numeric, date, binary	a class of data that be stored in an attribute. character, integers, real number, dates, picture etc
3	1	data type	a particular kind of data item, as defined by the values it can take, and the operations that can be performed on it.	a particular kind of data item, as defined by the values it can take, the programming language used, or the operations that can be performed on it.
2	1	data type	the specific type of data a variable is designed to hold.   having the proper data type can be crucial in running a an error-free program.	a description of the set of values and the basic set of operations that can be applied to values of the type
1	0	data type	defines the information that can be stored in a variable, the size of needed memory and the operations that can be performed with the variable.	a description of the set of values and the basic set of operations that can be applied to values of the type
1	0	data type	defines the allowed/restricted values in certain fields	is the term used to identify whether a field is numeric, text, date, etc.
1	0	data type	defines the information that can be stored in a variable, the size of needed memory and the operations that can be performed with the variable.	refers to the type of data that will be placed in a named memory location (also known as a variable). examples are real, integer, and string.
3	1	data type	refers to the type of data that will be placed in a named memory location (also known as a variable). examples are real, integer, and string.	indicates the type of data a memory location (variable or named constant) can store
1	0	data type	the storage format and allowable content of a program variable, class attribute, or relational database field	define storage format and allowable content of an attribute (field)
3	1	data type	indicates the type of data that can be stored as a variable value. three types - strings, integers, floats	specifies the type of information a variable can store. examples are string, double, decimal, integer
1	0	data type	refers to the type of data that will be placed in a named memory location (also known as a variable). examples are real, integer, and string.	in java, every variable has a type declared in the source code. there are two kinds of types: reference types and primitive types. reference types are references to objects.
1	0	data type	refers to the type of data that will be placed in a named memory location (also known as a variable). examples are real, integer, and string.	the specific type of data a variable is designed to hold.   having the proper data type can be crucial in running a an error-free program.
2	1	data type	refers to the type of data that will be placed in a named memory location (also known as a variable). examples are real, integer, and string.	a description of the set of values and the basic set of operations that can be applied to values of the type
0	0	image annotation	information other than standard identification must be added to the image	software function that allows text or markers to be digitally added to an image
3	1	image annotation	allows selection of preset terms and/or manual text input and can be particularly useful when such additional information is necessary.	1. allows selection of preset terms or manual text input 2. used when additional info is necessary (ex. baby gestation, upright or supine, xtl)
2	1	network performance	fully connected best performance, followed by dynamic	typically, we think of application or database performance.  network performance is critical to creating successful systems.
1	0	network performance	the measure of quality of a server.	a general measure of how quickly and efficiently a network is operating.
0	0	network performance	larger the bandwidth the larger the data transfered wired connections are generally faster than wireless connections fibre optic cables are faster than copper cables network hardware	a general measure of how quickly and efficiently a network is operating.
0	0	network performance	larger the bandwidth the larger the data transfered wired connections are generally faster than wireless connections fibre optic cables are faster than copper cables network hardware	the measure of quality of a server.
2	1	data abstraction	the process or outcome of focusing on the essential properties of, and ignoring the details of, information or information structures.	the process of identifying only the required characteristics of an object ignoring the irrelevant details.
1	0	data abstraction	set of data objects and a set of operations that characterize the behavior of these data objects; these operations relate to each other	hides the representation of data and implementation of operations, instance variables are only accessible via operations.
1	0	data abstraction	data type defined by its set of objects and operations on the data type	hides the representation of data and implementation of operations, instance variables are only accessible via operations.
1	0	data abstraction	creating a data type that hides the details of the data representation	focusing on important details and characteristics and filtering out the unwanted details or explanations. a means of separating behavior from implementation.
1	0	data abstraction	system hides certain details of how the data are stored and maintained; simplifies users' interactions with the system.	separation of abstract data properties from concrete details of its implementation or storage
2	1	data abstraction	the separation of a data type's logical properties from its implementation	the separation between specification of a data object and its implementation
1	0	data abstraction	a logical description of how we view the data and the operations that are allowed without regard to how they will be implemented.	do not need to know the implementation details in order to use something; related to abstract data types (adts)
2	1	data abstraction	allowing us to use a data structure without paying attention to how it's implemented	do not need to know the implementation details in order to use something; related to abstract data types (adts)
1	0	data abstraction	separation of the logical view of a data object (what is stored) form the physical view(how the information is stored)	system hides certain details of how the data are stored and maintained; simplifies users' interactions with the system.
3	1	data abstraction	separation of the logical view of data (definition) from its implementation (app programs)	separation of abstract data properties from concrete details of its implementation or storage
2	1	data abstraction	a data model is used to hide storage details and present the users with a conceptual view of the database	system hides certain details of how the data are stored and maintained; simplifies users' interactions with the system.
2	1	data abstraction	separation of the logical view of a data object (what is stored) form the physical view(how the information is stored)	separation of abstract data properties from concrete details of its implementation or storage
1	0	data abstraction	separation of the logical view of data (definition) from its implementation (app programs)	system hides certain details of how the data are stored and maintained; simplifies users' interactions with the system.
3	1	data abstraction	describes only essential features &  hides details that are not needed	providing only needed information to the outside world and hiding implementation details. all irrelevant data is hidden about an object.
2	1	data abstraction	a data model is used to hide storage details and present the users with a conceptual view of the database	separation of the logical view of a data object (what is stored) form the physical view(how the information is stored)
2	1	data abstraction	a data model is used to hide storage details and present the users with a conceptual view of the database	separation of abstract data properties from concrete details of its implementation or storage
1	0	data abstraction	separating the different levels of detail representing data	a data abstraction provides a general way to access a collection of data.
1	0	data abstraction	a data model is used to hide storage details and present the users with a conceptual view of the database	separation of the logical view of data (definition) from its implementation (app programs)
2	1	data abstraction	creating a data type that hides the details of the data representation	representing or storing information with methods that separate layers of concerns so that the programmer can work with information while ignoring lower-level details about how the information is represented.
2	1	data abstraction	separation of the logical view of a data object (what is stored) form the physical view(how the information is stored)	separation of the logical view of data (definition) from its implementation (app programs)
0	0	race conditions	results when several threads try to access and modify the same data concurrently. multiple requests overload the system (buffer overload)	error that occurs when the output of a function is dependent on the sequence/timing of inputs, and they arrive out of order. used for privilege elevation and dos attacks.
2	1	race conditions	when an ordered or timed set of processes is disrupted or altered by an exploit. when information is processed out of order and causes problems.	a vulnerability that occurs when an ordered or timed set of processes is disrupted or altered by an exploit
2	1	race conditions	are situations in which two or more processes are reading or writing shared data and the final result depends on „who runs precisely when&". very difficult to debug.	a situation when multiple processes or multiple read and write to the same data item and the final result depends on the relative timing of their execution
2	1	open source software	software that has the programming code freely available for modification. in most cases, open source software is also &"free software&".	its software that is freely available and its source code is also available.
0	0	open source software	copyright holder provides the rights to study, change, and distribute software	software hat is distributed for free, with access permitted to the source code so that it can be studied, changed and improved by software professionals
2	1	open source software	available, free and users can modify  copyrighted but no licensing fees  use open standards	software whose source code is available free of charge for the public to use, copy, modify, sublicense, or distribute
3	1	open source software	- no fee - source code is published and available to public - anyone can modify, copy, and redistribute it without fees	-means that the source code is published and made available to the public, enabling anyone to copy, modify, and redistribute it without paying a fee. -such as apache openoffice
2	1	open source software	-freely available including source code -developed by a community of interested people -performs the same functions as commercial software.	a program in which the source code is available to the general public for use and modification from its original design free of charge.
1	0	open source software	copyright holder provides the rights to study, change, and distribute software	software that is developed by usually-unpaid individuals on a volunteer basis, where the source code is visible and it is provided free of cost.
1	0	open source software	software for which the source code is made freely available. users may legally modify the source code and can share it.	software where users can modify the source code and share under the same original licence and terms.
3	1	open source software	source code is available to programmers who want to modify and improve the software	software that includes its source code, allowing programmers to modify and improve it.
1	0	open source software	software that is developed by usually-unpaid individuals on a volunteer basis, where the source code is visible and it is provided free of cost.	open-source software - a method of developing, delivering, and licensing software that makes the application source code freely available to any interested developer or client
3	1	open source software	makes source code available to modify and improve	software that includes its source code, allowing programmers to modify and improve it.
1	0	open source software	is software that is available free of charge and with few licensing and copyright restrictions	free but use is restricted to the copyright provided by the software.
2	1	open source software	gives consumer access to the source code to change it or eve redistribute it	- free - source code given - can modify/reuse/distribute (copyleft) - terms/conditions to meet criteria
3	1	open source software	software hat is distributed for free, with access permitted to the source code so that it can be studied, changed and improved by software professionals	open-source software - a method of developing, delivering, and licensing software that makes the application source code freely available to any interested developer or client
0	0	open source software	copyright holder provides the rights to study, change, and distribute software	open-source software - a method of developing, delivering, and licensing software that makes the application source code freely available to any interested developer or client
3	1	open source software	program is given for free and source code for the program is given as well - making anyone modify the program.	an application that allows free distribution and encourages developers to improve the application and add to it.
3	1	open source software	software that has the programming code freely available for modification. in most cases, open source software is also &"free software&".	software for which the source code is publicly available and free of charge. users can modify the software to suit their needs
3	1	open source software	the source code is made freely available so that users may legally modify the source code to create their own spin-off software	software for which the source code is made freely available. users may legally modify the source code and can share it.
3	1	open source software	software provided for use, modification, and redistribution and has no restrictions from the copyright holder regarding modification of the software's internal instructions and its redistribution.	type of software that has no restrictions from the copyright holder regarding modifications of the software's internal instructions and its redistribution
0	0	open source software	copyright holder provides the rights to study, change, and distribute software	a computer software in which it's code is made available to anyone and for any purpose, this code can be developed in a group.
3	1	open source software	source code is available to programmers who want to modify and improve the software	makes source code available to modify and improve
3	1	open source software	its software that is freely available and its source code is also available.	typically free software where source code is made freely available
1	0	open source software	software available for download at no cost  - example successful social networking  some of the software is used to development of virtual learning communities	software that is developed by a community of programmers who make the software available for download and use at no cost.
2	1	open source software	programs made up of source code that is made available to the public	programs with source code made available to the general public  linux was the first widely used open source software
2	1	open source software	a computer software in which it's code is made available to anyone and for any purpose, this code can be developed in a group.	software hat is distributed for free, with access permitted to the source code so that it can be studied, changed and improved by software professionals
1	0	hardware components	monitor, cpu, keyboard	communication devices, cpu, input devices, output devices, primary storage, secondary storage
2	1	hardware components	-cpu -dual processor -quad processor -main memory (ram) -storage hardware -ssd drive	cpu, circuitboards, storage, memory, input/output devices.
0	0	domain knowledge	knowledge of the particular application being considered	- is typically obtained through domain experts, software documentation, or even the source code.
3	1	private data	data about people that must be kept private	information about an individual that should remain private.
0	0	private data	data about people that must be kept private	data could be a list of products and the minimum sales privacy we would not want customers to know
3	1	mobile devices	a portable, wireless computing device that is small enough to be used while held in the hand.	a computing device small enough to hold in your hand
0	0	mobile devices	-restricted resources (physical, logical), slow, bad multitasking -specific interaction (touch, voice) -limited internet -website behavior	a mobile phone is a wireless handheld device that allows users to make and receive calls and to send text messages, among other features.
3	1	mobile devices	include smartphones and tablets and run a mobile operating system.	a portable computing device such as smartphones and tablets that run a mobile operating system.
3	1	mobile devices	laptop notebook smartphone mobile phone notebook wearable devices ereader tablet	laptop, notebook, smartphone, e-reader, wearable devices...
2	1	mobile devices	portable electronic computer that allows users to easily access tools that could be used for everyday activities.	a computing device small enough to hold in your hand
1	0	mobile devices	a portable computing device such as a smartphone or tablet computer.	laptop, notebook, smartphone, e-reader, wearable devices...
3	1	mobile devices	devices that fit into the palm of your hand; cell phone, ipod, tablets	electronic devices that fit into the palm of your hands such as a personal digital assistants (pdas) calculators smart phones and other cell phones electronic organizers and handheld games
0	0	mobile devices	allow you to speak data instructions using voice input and to capture live full motion images using video input	a mobile phone is a wireless handheld device that allows users to make and receive calls and to send text messages, among other features.
2	1	mobile devices	a portable, wireless computing device that is small enough to be used while held in the hand.	portable electronic computer that allows users to easily access tools that could be used for everyday activities.
0	0	mobile devices	allow you to speak data instructions using voice input and to capture live full motion images using video input	-restricted resources (physical, logical), slow, bad multitasking -specific interaction (touch, voice) -limited internet -website behavior
3	1	mobile devices	a computing device small enough to hold in your hand	the small computing devices that can easily be transported by a person.
0	0	singular value decomposition	reduces space dimensionality by decomposing matrix into product and 3 other matrices	reduces the overall dimensionality of input matrix to a lower dimensional space, where each consecutive dimension represents the large degree of variability.
0	0	singular value decomposition	used to reduce the number of terms in a matrix	used to reduce the number of terms in a term-by-document matrix into a manageable size similar to principal component analysis.
1	0	singular value decomposition	reduces space dimensionality by decomposing matrix into product and 3 other matrices	reduce dimensionality of the problem resulting in a small, fast model with a richer, denser neighbour network
1	0	singular value decomposition	reduce dimensionality of the problem resulting in a small, fast model with a richer, denser neighbour network	reduces the overall dimensionality of input matrix to a lower dimensional space, where each consecutive dimension represents the large degree of variability.
0	0	parametric polymorphism	h a function may be applied to any arguments whose types match a type expression involving type variables	type variables can be instantiated to different types in different circumstances
1	0	parametric polymorphism	ability for a function or type to be written in such a way that it handles values identically without depending on knowledge of their types	another term for &"generics&" - you state what types will be used by a particular class  ginerics used in collections - java util package
2	1	data consistency	data must be consistent	same data elements stored throughout the organization should be same (consistent). includes inconsistencies
1	0	data consistency	data must be consistent	means that the data are reliable. reliable data do not change no matter how many times or in how many ways they are stored, processed, or displayed.
3	1	data consistency	like data are the same on each document or computer screen. always the same	ensures data is the same om each computer screen or documents
0	0	data consistency	all tables must contain the correct information.	when data is redundant - must update in all tables to maintain consistency
2	1	data consistency	means that the data is reliable. the data is the same from record to record i.e. a blood pressure reading	data must be consistent
2	1	data consistency	means that the data is reliable. the data is the same from record to record i.e. a blood pressure reading	same data elements stored throughout the organization should be same (consistent). includes inconsistencies
0	0	data consistency	means that the data are reliable. reliable data do not change no matter how many times or in how many ways they are stored, processed, or displayed.	same data elements stored throughout the organization should be same (consistent). includes inconsistencies
2	1	data consistency	means that the data is reliable. the data is the same from record to record i.e. a blood pressure reading	means that the data are reliable. reliable data do not change no matter how many times or in how many ways they are stored, processed, or displayed.
3	1	multiple inheritance	we can inherit from more than one class	a child class is derived from more than one parent type  -is-a relationship  ex: a clock radio inherits from both the radio class and the clock class
2	1	multiple inheritance	the concept in chich a shared subclass or a subclass with multiple parents inherits from all of its parent	exists when a class can have more than one immediate (parent) superclass above it.
2	1	multiple inheritance	-in an object-oriented system, the ability of a class to have multiple superclasses and to inherit methods from all of them -c++, like a family tree	the process of deriving a class from several base classes. it is not allowed in java. however, the alternative, multiple interfaces, is allowed.
3	1	multiple inheritance	a subclass participates in more than one subclass/superclass relationship, and inherits attributes and relationships from more than one super-class	when a subclass belongs to more than one superclass
3	1	multiple inheritance	the concept in chich a shared subclass or a subclass with multiple parents inherits from all of its parent	when a subclass belongs to more than one superclass
3	1	multiple inheritance	class can inherit from more than one parent class; in java, there is multiple inheritance of implementation (implements), but not multiple inheritances of state (extends)	the process of deriving a class from several base classes. it is not allowed in java. however, the alternative, multiple interfaces, is allowed.
2	1	multiple inheritance	a subclass participates in more than one subclass/superclass relationship, and inherits attributes and relationships from more than one super-class	exists when a class can have more than one immediate (parent) superclass above it.
1	0	multiple inheritance	-in an object-oriented system, the ability of a class to have multiple superclasses and to inherit methods from all of them -c++, like a family tree	class can inherit from more than one parent class; in java, there is multiple inheritance of implementation (implements), but not multiple inheritances of state (extends)
2	1	multiple inheritance	class can inherit from more than one parent class; in java, there is multiple inheritance of implementation (implements), but not multiple inheritances of state (extends)	a system in which a class can extend from more than one super class, java does not support this
2	1	multiple inheritance	a subclass participates in more than one subclass/superclass relationship, and inherits attributes and relationships from more than one super-class	the concept in chich a shared subclass or a subclass with multiple parents inherits from all of its parent
2	1	multiple inheritance	a system in which a class can extend from more than one super class, java does not support this	the process of deriving a class from several base classes. it is not allowed in java. however, the alternative, multiple interfaces, is allowed.
3	1	multiple inheritance	when a subclass belongs to more than one superclass	exists when a class can have more than one immediate (parent) superclass above it.
3	1	clock speed	the speed of the fetch decode and execute cycle measured in hertz	dictates how many instructions the cpu can process each second expressed as 1 hertz
2	1	clock speed	the speed at which the cpu can carry out instructions. the number of fetch-execute cycles per second. measured in hertz (hz)	the operating speed of a computer or its microprocessor, expressed in cycles per second (megahertz)
3	1	clock speed	the rate at which the internal oscillator (systme clock) in the control unity of the cpu sends out electronic pulses to synchronise its operations. measured in hertz (hz)	the rate at which the terminal oscillator in the control unit of the cpu sends out electronic pulses to synchronise its operations
1	0	clock speed	to double the number of instructions executed per second we need to increase the.....	a series of electronic pulses produced at a predetermined rate that affects machine cycle time.
2	1	clock speed	speed of a processor, in ticks per second.	the number of instructions a single processor core can carry out per second measured in hertz hz
3	1	clock speed	determines number of instructions that can be carried out per second	measured in gigahertz, it determines the number of times per second that the machine cycle is executed
2	1	clock speed	the number of cycles the cpu can execute in one second, measured in hertz (hz).	dictates how many instructions the cpu can process each second expressed as 1 hertz
1	0	clock speed	dictates how many instructions the cpu can process each second.measured in hertz ( cycles per second). more cycles means faster processor, more instructions	dictates how many instructions the cpu can process each second, usually measured in ghz. increasing the clock speed will increase the speed at which the processor executes instructions.
3	1	clock speed	the operating speed of a computer or its microprocessor. it is measured in a unit called hertz (hz), which is the number of clock cycles per second.	the operating speed of a computer or its microprocessor, expressed in cycles per second (megahertz)
2	1	clock speed	the operating speed of a computer or its microprocessor. it is measured in a unit called hertz (hz), which is the number of clock cycles per second.	the part of the processor which measures the speed. number of cycles per second
0	0	clock speed	the speed at which the cpu can carry out instructions. the number of fetch-execute cycles per second. measured in hertz (hz)	the part of the processor which measures the speed. number of cycles per second
3	1	clock speed	the number of fetch-execute cycles that can be performed by a cpu in a second. a 3ghz processor will run 3 billion cycles per second.	the speed at which a processor can potentially execute instructions, measured in millions of cycles per second—megahertz (mhz)—or billions of cycles per second—gigahertz (ghz).
0	0	clock speed	the speed at which the cpu can carry out instructions. the number of fetch-execute cycles per second. measured in hertz (hz)	the number of instruction per second (hz). faster clock speed, more instructions, better performance. too high = overheat
2	1	clock speed	the number of instruction per second (hz). faster clock speed, more instructions, better performance. too high = overheat	the operating speed of a computer or its microprocessor. it is measured in a unit called hertz (hz), which is the number of clock cycles per second.
2	1	clock speed	to double the number of instructions executed per second we need to increase the.....	the amount of instructions that can be fetched and processed in a second. in hz
2	1	clock speed	the speed at which the cpu can carry out instructions. the number of fetch-execute cycles per second. measured in hertz (hz)	the operating speed of a computer or its microprocessor. it is measured in a unit called hertz (hz), which is the number of clock cycles per second.
0	0	clock speed	the number of instructions a single processor can carry out per second	number of instructions that can be carried out by a single processor core per second but it can be overclocked - make cpu overheat.
1	0	clock speed	the number of instruction per second (hz). faster clock speed, more instructions, better performance. too high = overheat	the operating speed of a computer or its microprocessor, expressed in cycles per second (megahertz)
2	1	binary classification	way of classifying objects by dividing them into two subgroups until all of the objects are classified separately  -most common type of business problems that need solving	distinguishing between exactly two classes
1	0	binary classification	the task of classifying the members of a given set of objects into two groups on the basis of whether they have some property or not.	distinguishing between exactly two classes
2	1	binary classification	way of classifying objects by dividing them into two subgroups until all of the objects are classified separately  -most common type of business problems that need solving	the task of classifying the members of a given set of objects into two groups on the basis of whether they have some property or not.
1	0	feature space	the space of f(xi) after transformation   -: the original input space can always be mapped to some higher-dimensional feature space where the training set is separable:	a space of features used to represent objects
0	0	feature space	the space of f(xi) after transformation   -: the original input space can always be mapped to some higher-dimensional feature space where the training set is separable:	refers to the n-dimensional space where your variables live, collection of features related to some properties of the class labels.
0	0	feature space	refers to the n-dimensional space where your variables live, collection of features related to some properties of the class labels.	a space of features used to represent objects
0	0	design model	this is a set of diagrams that describes the logical design. that includes software class diagrams, object interation diagrams, package diagrams and so forth	object model describing the realization of use cases, and serves as an abstraction of the implementation model and its source code.
3	1	software configuration management	- processes for identifying, tracking and storing all artifacts on a projects   - each item is a confiscation item	process of identifying, tracking and storing all artifacts (configuration items) on a project
2	1	data communication	the exchange of data between two devices via transmission medium such as wire cable	process of exchanging data / information  in case of computer networks between two devices over a transmission medium
1	0	data communication	focused on communication of data &  information between computers and computer networks:  - can be wired or wireless - rules + protocols defined by standards	the process of exchanging data between two devices using wired and wireless transmission medium
1	0	data communication	the transmission of data to computer devices through the use of media (such as --	the exchange of digital information between computers and other digital devices via telecommunications nodes and wired or wireless links; data networking
1	0	data communication	the transmission of data to computer devices through the use of media (such as --	the exchange of data between two devices via transmission medium such as wire cable
2	1	data communication	a process of exchanging data or information	is the process of sending information/data over a communication medium
2	1	data communication	the transmission of data to computer devices through the use of media (such as --	process of exchanging data / information  in case of computer networks between two devices over a transmission medium
3	1	data communication	the process of exchanging data between two devices using wired and wireless transmission medium	process of exchanging data / information  in case of computer networks between two devices over a transmission medium
3	1	data communication	the exchange of digital information between computers and other digital devices via telecommunications nodes and wired or wireless links; data networking	process of exchanging data / information  in case of computer networks between two devices over a transmission medium
2	1	data communication	focused on communication of data &  information between computers and computer networks:  - can be wired or wireless - rules + protocols defined by standards	the exchange of data between two devices via transmission medium such as wire cable
3	1	data communication	the transmission of data to computer devices through the use of media (such as --	the process of exchanging data between two devices using wired and wireless transmission medium
3	1	data communication	focused on communication of data &  information between computers and computer networks:  - can be wired or wireless - rules + protocols defined by standards	the exchange of digital information between computers and other digital devices via telecommunications nodes and wired or wireless links; data networking
3	1	data communication	the process of exchanging data between two devices using wired and wireless transmission medium	the exchange of digital information between computers and other digital devices via telecommunications nodes and wired or wireless links; data networking
1	0	data communication	focused on communication of data &  information between computers and computer networks:  - can be wired or wireless - rules + protocols defined by standards	the transmission of data to computer devices through the use of media (such as --
3	1	data communication	the exchange of data between two devices via transmission medium such as wire cable	the process of exchanging data between two devices using wired and wireless transmission medium
1	0	data communication	the exchange of data between two devices via transmission medium such as wire cable	the exchange of digital information between computers and other digital devices via telecommunications nodes and wired or wireless links; data networking
3	1	cache memory	high speed memory that stores most frequently and recently used data	stores regularly used instructions and allows programs to run more efficiently and much faster.
2	1	cache memory	very fast memory speeds up processing by storing recently used instructions so no need to fetch from memory	high speed memory in the cpu that is used to store a copy of frequently used instructions and data. faster access speed than main memory. used to improve cpu performance.
1	0	cache memory	creating hierarchical access techniques that takes advantage of smaller but faster memories	high speed memory where data from frequently used memory locations may be temporarily stored
1	0	cache memory	typically integrated on the motherboard and directly embedded on the processor or main random access memory	high-speed that sits between the processor and main memory. contains a subset of what is stored in main memory for faster access.
1	0	cache memory	fast memory that stores frequently accessed information close to the processor	type of small, high-speed memory used to hold frequently used data
2	1	cache memory	a separate ram memory used to optimize performance by storing frequently accessed data.	very fast memory speeds up processing by storing recently used instructions so no need to fetch from memory
1	0	cache memory	a small-sized type of volatile computer memory that provides high-speed data access to a processor.	a type of high-speed memory that a processor can access more rapidly than main memory. sits between the data bus and memory
1	0	cache memory	the more cache memory on the cpu, the faster instructions can be stored, accessed and executed.	fast memory used by the cpu to store data required by the cpu
1	0	cache memory	a processor may contain a small amount of ram on its own chip accessible in one clock tick rather than several, for maintaining a copy of the most-used instructions/data	typically two or three levels of cache typical, including one on the same chip as cpu uses static random access memory (sram)
1	0	cache memory	a small unit of memory near the cpu. stores data and instructions that the cpu is likely to use.	small amount of fast memory located on the cpu chip or near it   stores recent or frequently used instructions and data
1	0	cache memory	type of memory used to temporarily store frequently used data or programs, expensive and very fast	a type of memory used to temporarily store frequently used data or programs for quick access; similar to ram but faster. - a primary storage
0	0	cache memory	creating hierarchical access techniques that takes advantage of smaller but faster memories	small and fast memory used to hold selected data and to provide fast access (instructions used most frequently)
3	1	cache memory	is r.a.m. that the computer can access more quickly that normal r.a.m.	is random access memory that a computer processer can acess more quicly than it can access regular ram
2	1	cache memory	closest available memory for the cpu  stores important data for rapid availability	a small unit of memory near the cpu. stores data and instructions that the cpu is likely to use.
2	1	cache memory	fast memory that stores frequently accessed information close to the processor	stores regularly used instructions and allows programs to run more efficiently and much faster.
3	1	cache memory	small and fast memory used to hold selected data and to provide fast access (instructions used most frequently)	small, fast memory to hold select data for faster access then would be possible otherwise.
2	1	cache memory	high speed memory where data from frequently used memory locations may be temporarily stored	a small, fast memory used to hold selected data and to provide faster access than would otherwise be possible.
1	0	cache memory	creating hierarchical access techniques that takes advantage of smaller but faster memories	a small, fast memory used to hold selected data and to provide faster access than would otherwise be possible.
3	1	cache memory	fast memory that stores frequently accessed information close to the processor	high speed memory that stores most frequently and recently used data
3	1	cache memory	special high speed memory used by a computer	a portion of memory used for high speed storage
1	0	cache memory	high speed memory where data from frequently used memory locations may be temporarily stored	small, fast memory to hold select data for faster access then would be possible otherwise.
2	1	cache memory	a type of high-speed memory that a processor can access more rapidly than main memory. sits between the data bus and memory	high-speed that sits between the processor and main memory. contains a subset of what is stored in main memory for faster access.
0	0	cache memory	fast and expensive memory type that is used by a cpu to increase read and write operations.	typically two or three levels of cache typical, including one on the same chip as cpu uses static random access memory (sram)
0	0	cache memory	typically integrated on the motherboard and directly embedded on the processor or main random access memory	a type of high-speed memory that a processor can access more rapidly than main memory
3	1	cache memory	small, fast memory to hold select data for faster access then would be possible otherwise.	a small, fast memory used to hold selected data and to provide faster access than would otherwise be possible.
3	1	cache memory	cpu and ram that a computer can access more quickly.	ram that can be accessed faster.
1	0	cache memory	-a special group of very fast circuitry usually built into the cpu (internal cache memory) -more of this means faster processing	typically two or three levels of cache typical, including one on the same chip as cpu uses static random access memory (sram)
2	1	cache memory	extremely quick memory that holds whatever data and code are being used at any one time	is a form of ram that gets data to the cpu for processing much faster than bringing the data in from the computers ram
2	1	cache memory	small and fast memory used to hold selected data and to provide fast access (instructions used most frequently)	high speed memory where data from frequently used memory locations may be temporarily stored
1	0	cache memory	typically integrated on the motherboard and directly embedded on the processor or main random access memory	a small-sized type of volatile computer memory that provides high-speed data access to a processor.
1	0	cache memory	creating hierarchical access techniques that takes advantage of smaller but faster memories	a small, fast memory used to hold selected data and to provide faster access.
2	1	cache memory	-a special group of very fast circuitry usually built into the cpu (internal cache memory) -more of this means faster processing	fast and expensive memory type that is used by a cpu to increase read and write operations.
0	0	cache memory	a processor may contain a small amount of ram on its own chip accessible in one clock tick rather than several, for maintaining a copy of the most-used instructions/data	-a special group of very fast circuitry usually built into the cpu (internal cache memory) -more of this means faster processing
3	1	cache memory	small, fast memory to hold select data for faster access then would be possible otherwise.	a small, fast memory used to hold selected data and to provide faster access.
0	0	cache memory	stores regularly used instructions and allows programs to run more efficiently and much faster.	type of small, high-speed memory used to hold frequently used data
2	1	cache memory	high speed memory that stores most frequently and recently used data	type of small, high-speed memory used to hold frequently used data
1	0	dimensionality reduction	purpose: - reduce time and memory requirements - easier visualization - eliminant irrelevant features	goal to represent numbers or faces with fewer variables. to preserve the structure of data.  feature selection
1	0	dimensionality reduction	simplify the data without losing too much information. (merge several correlated features into one)	a typical unsupervised learning algorithm - simplifies the data without losing too much information  - one way of doing this is feature extraction
1	0	dimensionality reduction	process which fixes unnecessarily many components of data	a typical unsupervised learning algorithm - simplifies the data without losing too much information  - one way of doing this is feature extraction
1	0	dimensionality reduction	process which fixes unnecessarily many components of data	the goal is to simplify the data without losing too much information
2	1	dimensionality reduction	simplify the data without losing too much information. (merge several correlated features into one)	the goal is to simplify the data without losing too much information
1	0	dimensionality reduction	a typical unsupervised learning algorithm - simplifies the data without losing too much information  - one way of doing this is feature extraction	the goal is to simplify the data without losing too much information
2	1	functional requirements	- services that a system should provide - how the system reacts to particular inputs - how it behaves in particular situations	statements of the services the system should provide, how the system should react to particular input and how it should behave. or what it shouldn't do
2	1	functional requirements	services the system should provide (e.g. how it should react to inputs)	the requirements that describe the capabilities of the system - what it must do or be able to do.
0	0	functional requirements	end-user information requirements that are not tied to the hardware, software, network, data, and people resources that end users presently use or might use in the new system	outlines what the system should do and can explicitly say what it cannot do
0	0	functional requirements	specify requirements that are related to the product features	define what the system does/should do example: the system will allows user to upload data
0	0	functional requirements	- state what users of your software should be able to accomplish - always state from perspective of user	specific system functionalities are listed, and developers begin to think about how the parts of the system should inter-operate to meet the functional requirements.
3	1	functional requirements	they describe system behaviors. statements of services the system should provide, how the system should act to particular inputs and how the system should behave in particular situations	statements of the services the system should provide, how the system should react to particular input and how it should behave. or what it shouldn't do
2	1	functional requirements	specify what the product must do, the actions it must perform to satisfy the fundamental reasons for its existence	state what the system must do, and how it must behave or react to runtime stimuli; are satisfied by assigning an appropriate sequence of responsibilities throughout the design.
2	1	functional requirements	a set of requirements that defines specific behavior and functions	-define how a system should/should not function -define specific facilities/service to be provided
1	0	functional requirements	what the system does. an action. a task the system provides to allow someone to achieve a goal.	describe user tasks that the system must support.
1	0	functional requirements	- state what users of your software should be able to accomplish - always state from perspective of user	requirements, which are related to functional aspect of software fall into this category. ex: user should be able to mail any report to management.
0	0	functional requirements	describe the interactions between the system and its environment independent from the implementation example: the user must be able to rent a car	specific system functionalities are listed, and developers begin to think about how the parts of the system should inter-operate to meet the functional requirements.
2	1	functional requirements	~describe what the system should do ~statements of services provided by the system ~details of how the system should react in certain senarios.	define services the system should provide, behavior of the system and in some cases also what the system should not do
1	0	functional requirements	describe the interactions between the system and its environment independent from the implementation example: the user must be able to rent a car	outlines what the system should do and can explicitly say what it cannot do
0	0	functional requirements	the requirements that describe the capabilities of the system - what it must do or be able to do.	- define provided services - system functionalities - behaviors - reactions
2	1	functional requirements	detailed statements of the system's functionality	a description of what the system is to do.
2	1	functional requirements	- state what users of your software should be able to accomplish - always state from perspective of user	functional requirements specify what functions a system must provide to meet stated and implied stakeholder needs when the software is used under specific conditions [iso/iec 2001].
0	0	functional requirements	- state what users of your software should be able to accomplish - always state from perspective of user	actions the system should perform and can be assigned to individual components of the system.
2	1	functional requirements	specific system functionalities are listed, and developers begin to think about how the parts of the system should inter-operate to meet the functional requirements.	requirements, which are related to functional aspect of software fall into this category. ex: user should be able to mail any report to management.
2	1	functional requirements	statements of the services the system should provide, how the system should react to particular input and how it should behave. or what it shouldn't do	define services the system should provide, behavior of the system and in some cases also what the system should not do
1	0	functional requirements	end-user information requirements that are not tied to the hardware, software, network, data, and people resources that end users presently use or might use in the new system	describe the interactions between the system and its environment independent from the implementation example: the user must be able to rent a car
0	0	functional requirements	the activities the system must perform to support the users' work	the activities the system must perform  business uses, functions the users carry out use cases in chapter 1
2	1	functional requirements	the product characteristics needed for the product to perform.	these define what the product of the project will do by focusing on how the end user will interact with the product.  input/output, processing, error handling
1	0	functional requirements	these define what the product of the project will do by focusing on how the end user will interact with the product.	the product characteristics needed for the product to perform.
1	0	functional requirements	statements of service a system must provide.(isolated to individual components)	they describe system behaviors. statements of services the system should provide, how the system should act to particular inputs and how the system should behave in particular situations
1	0	functional requirements	the activities the system must perform to support the users' work	specific features and functions that a proposed it system must have.
1	0	functional requirements	relates directly to a process a system has to perform or information it needs to contain.	- define provided services - system functionalities - behaviors - reactions
2	1	functional requirements	- define provided services - system functionalities - behaviors - reactions	statement of services the system should provide, how the sys should react to particular inputs and how the sys should behave in situations
3	1	functional requirements	~describe what the system should do ~statements of services provided by the system ~details of how the system should react in certain senarios.	- services that a system should provide - how the system reacts to particular inputs - how it behaves in particular situations
1	0	functional requirements	relates directly to a process a system has to perform or information it needs to contain.	statement of services the system should provide, how the sys should react to particular inputs and how the sys should behave in situations
2	1	functional requirements	the requirements that describe the capabilities of the system - what it must do or be able to do.	statement of services the system should provide, how the sys should react to particular inputs and how the sys should behave in situations
2	1	functional requirements	what inputs the system should accept what outputs the system should produce what data the system should store that other systems might use what computations the system may perform	specify the external behavior of the system such as the functionalities of the system from the end-user's view.
1	0	functional requirements	statement of services the system should provide, how the sys should react to particular inputs and how the sys should behave in situations	specify the external behavior of the system such as the functionalities of the system from the end-user's view.
2	1	functional requirements	statements of service a system must provide.(isolated to individual components)	- services that a system should provide - how the system reacts to particular inputs - how it behaves in particular situations
1	0	functional requirements	actions the system should perform and can be assigned to individual components of the system.	functional requirements specify what functions a system must provide to meet stated and implied stakeholder needs when the software is used under specific conditions [iso/iec 2001].
1	0	functional requirements	- state what users of your software should be able to accomplish - always state from perspective of user	end-user information requirements that are not tied to the hardware, software, network, data, and people resources that end users presently use or might use in the new system
2	1	functional requirements	- services that a system should provide - how the system reacts to particular inputs - how it behaves in particular situations	they describe system behaviors. statements of services the system should provide, how the system should act to particular inputs and how the system should behave in particular situations
0	0	functional requirements	describe the interactions between the system and its environment independent from the implementation example: the user must be able to rent a car	actions the system should perform and can be assigned to individual components of the system.
0	0	functional requirements	the task the system must accomplish is completed	how the system will function from the user's perspective.
2	1	functional requirements	are &"statements of services the system should provide, how the system should react to particular inputs, and how the system should behave in particular situations&" (sommerville, 2015).	they describe system behaviors. statements of services the system should provide, how the system should act to particular inputs and how the system should behave in particular situations
0	0	functional requirements	describes how a system should interact with users and other systems	relates directly to a process a system has to perform or information it needs to contain.
1	0	functional requirements	statements of service a system must provide.(isolated to individual components)	statements of the services the system should provide, how the system should react to particular input and how it should behave. or what it shouldn't do
0	0	functional requirements	end-user information requirements that are not tied to the hardware, software, network, data, and people resources that end users presently use or might use in the new system	specific system functionalities are listed, and developers begin to think about how the parts of the system should inter-operate to meet the functional requirements.
0	0	functional requirements	what inputs the system should accept what outputs the system should produce what data the system should store that other systems might use what computations the system may perform	relates directly to a process a system has to perform or information it needs to contain.
1	0	functional requirements	requirements that define specific behavior or functions. what a system is supposed to do. they are stated such as &"the system shall do...&"	specify what the system must do
1	0	functional requirements	what the system needs to do according to the customer	define what the system does/should do example: the system will allows user to upload data
1	0	functional requirements	end-user information requirements that are not tied to the hardware, software, network, data, and people resources that end users presently use or might use in the new system	functional requirements specify what functions a system must provide to meet stated and implied stakeholder needs when the software is used under specific conditions [iso/iec 2001].
0	0	functional requirements	specific system functionalities are listed, and developers begin to think about how the parts of the system should inter-operate to meet the functional requirements.	outlines what the system should do and can explicitly say what it cannot do
1	0	functional requirements	specific features and functions that a proposed it system must have.	the activities the system must perform  business uses, functions the users carry out use cases in chapter 1
1	0	functional requirements	relates directly to a process a system has to perform or information it needs to contain.	specify the external behavior of the system such as the functionalities of the system from the end-user's view.
2	1	functional requirements	the task the system must accomplish is completed	describe user tasks that the system must support.
2	1	functional requirements	describes how a system should interact with users and other systems	specify the external behavior of the system such as the functionalities of the system from the end-user's view.
1	0	functional requirements	actions the system should perform and can be assigned to individual components of the system.	requirements, which are related to functional aspect of software fall into this category. ex: user should be able to mail any report to management.
1	0	functional requirements	statements of service a system must provide.(isolated to individual components)	~describe what the system should do ~statements of services provided by the system ~details of how the system should react in certain senarios.
2	1	functional requirements	- services that a system should provide - how the system reacts to particular inputs - how it behaves in particular situations	define services the system should provide, behavior of the system and in some cases also what the system should not do
2	1	functional requirements	services the system should provide (e.g. how it should react to inputs)	describes how a system should interact with users and other systems
1	0	functional requirements	what inputs the system should accept what outputs the system should produce what data the system should store that other systems might use what computations the system may perform	- define provided services - system functionalities - behaviors - reactions
1	0	functional requirements	outlines what the system should do and can explicitly say what it cannot do	functional requirements specify what functions a system must provide to meet stated and implied stakeholder needs when the software is used under specific conditions [iso/iec 2001].
0	0	functional requirements	services the system should provide (e.g. how it should react to inputs)	relates directly to a process a system has to perform or information it needs to contain.
0	0	functional requirements	end-user information requirements that are not tied to the hardware, software, network, data, and people resources that end users presently use or might use in the new system	actions the system should perform and can be assigned to individual components of the system.
1	0	functional requirements	statements of service a system must provide.(isolated to individual components)	define services the system should provide, behavior of the system and in some cases also what the system should not do
2	1	functional requirements	~describe what the system should do ~statements of services provided by the system ~details of how the system should react in certain senarios.	statements of the services the system should provide, how the system should react to particular input and how it should behave. or what it shouldn't do
1	0	functional requirements	what inputs the system should accept what outputs the system should produce what data the system should store that other systems might use what computations the system may perform	the requirements that describe the capabilities of the system - what it must do or be able to do.
2	1	functional requirements	describes how a system should interact with users and other systems	statement of services the system should provide, how the sys should react to particular inputs and how the sys should behave in situations
2	1	functional requirements	the requirements that describe the capabilities of the system - what it must do or be able to do.	relates directly to a process a system has to perform or information it needs to contain.
2	1	functional requirements	what inputs the system should accept what outputs the system should produce what data the system should store that other systems might use what computations the system may perform	describes how a system should interact with users and other systems
3	1	functional requirements	~describe what the system should do ~statements of services provided by the system ~details of how the system should react in certain senarios.	are &"statements of services the system should provide, how the system should react to particular inputs, and how the system should behave in particular situations&" (sommerville, 2015).
3	1	functional requirements	the features and functions that must be delivered by the system in terms of inputs, processes and outputs.	defines what a system must do; a specification of behavior between outputs and inputs.
1	0	functional requirements	are &"statements of services the system should provide, how the system should react to particular inputs, and how the system should behave in particular situations&" (sommerville, 2015).	- services that a system should provide - how the system reacts to particular inputs - how it behaves in particular situations
1	0	functional requirements	services the system should provide (e.g. how it should react to inputs)	- define provided services - system functionalities - behaviors - reactions
1	0	functional requirements	- state what users of your software should be able to accomplish - always state from perspective of user	describe the interactions between the system and its environment independent from the implementation example: the user must be able to rent a car
2	1	functional requirements	are &"statements of services the system should provide, how the system should react to particular inputs, and how the system should behave in particular situations&" (sommerville, 2015).	define services the system should provide, behavior of the system and in some cases also what the system should not do
0	0	functional requirements	specify requirements that are related to the product features	what the system needs to do according to the customer
1	0	functional requirements	specific features and functions that a proposed it system must have.	a long list of the processes, activities, features and functions that a new system will need to perform in order to meet all of the needs of the client
2	1	functional requirements	are &"statements of services the system should provide, how the system should react to particular inputs, and how the system should behave in particular situations&" (sommerville, 2015).	statements of the services the system should provide, how the system should react to particular input and how it should behave. or what it shouldn't do
2	1	functional requirements	are a list of functions or tasks that the is must be able to perform.	specifies something that the delivered system must be able to do
1	0	functional requirements	requirements that define specific behavior or functions. what a system is supposed to do. they are stated such as &"the system shall do...&"	----data operations, presentation ----domain requirements: &"everyone knows that..&" ----complete: all desired functionality is covered ----consistent: they do not contradict each other
1	0	functional requirements	describes how a system should interact with users and other systems	- define provided services - system functionalities - behaviors - reactions
1	0	functional requirements	the task the system must accomplish is completed	what the system does. an action. a task the system provides to allow someone to achieve a goal.
1	0	functional requirements	----data operations, presentation ----domain requirements: &"everyone knows that..&" ----complete: all desired functionality is covered ----consistent: they do not contradict each other	specify what the system must do
2	1	functional requirements	services and functions the system should provide	describe system services or functions
3	1	functional requirements	how the system will function from the user's perspective.	describe user tasks that the system must support.
1	0	functional requirements	what the system does. an action. a task the system provides to allow someone to achieve a goal.	how the system will function from the user's perspective.
0	0	functional requirements	actions the system should perform and can be assigned to individual components of the system.	outlines what the system should do and can explicitly say what it cannot do
0	0	functional requirements	- state what users of your software should be able to accomplish - always state from perspective of user	outlines what the system should do and can explicitly say what it cannot do
3	1	functional requirements	~describe what the system should do ~statements of services provided by the system ~details of how the system should react in certain senarios.	they describe system behaviors. statements of services the system should provide, how the system should act to particular inputs and how the system should behave in particular situations
0	0	functional requirements	describes how a system should interact with users and other systems	the requirements that describe the capabilities of the system - what it must do or be able to do.
1	0	functional requirements	describe the interactions between the system and its environment independent from the implementation example: the user must be able to rent a car	requirements, which are related to functional aspect of software fall into this category. ex: user should be able to mail any report to management.
0	0	functional requirements	specific system functionalities are listed, and developers begin to think about how the parts of the system should inter-operate to meet the functional requirements.	actions the system should perform and can be assigned to individual components of the system.
1	0	functional requirements	services the system should provide (e.g. how it should react to inputs)	specify the external behavior of the system such as the functionalities of the system from the end-user's view.
0	0	functional requirements	describe the interactions between the system and its environment independent from the implementation example: the user must be able to rent a car	functional requirements specify what functions a system must provide to meet stated and implied stakeholder needs when the software is used under specific conditions [iso/iec 2001].
2	1	functional requirements	statements of service a system must provide.(isolated to individual components)	are &"statements of services the system should provide, how the system should react to particular inputs, and how the system should behave in particular situations&" (sommerville, 2015).
1	0	functional requirements	- define provided services - system functionalities - behaviors - reactions	specify the external behavior of the system such as the functionalities of the system from the end-user's view.
1	0	functional requirements	are a list of functions or tasks that the is must be able to perform.	things the product must do eg: make the user aware of the time
0	0	link analysis	uncovers relationships among data	equivalent to network analysis/graphs. used in market basket analysis.
0	0	link analysis	the process of linking people, documents, and events in a case. it is often performed by automated software that helps coordinate large cases.	data mining method relationships btwn records in data sets ex. rule association --&gt; buy hammer and nails  sequence discovery--&gt; buy nails in 3 mos.
0	0	link analysis	the study of relationships where it is assumed the entities are of the same type	analysis of strength and existence of relationships between people businesses and objects link analysis chart
1	0	link analysis	the process of linking people, documents, and events in a case. it is often performed by automated software that helps coordinate large cases.	the linkage among many objects of interest is discovered automatically, such as the link between web pages and referential relationships among groups of academic publication authors.
0	0	link analysis	data mining technique that aims to establish associations between the individual records, or sets of records, in a database	equivalent to network analysis/graphs. used in market basket analysis.
0	0	link analysis	data mining method relationships btwn records in data sets ex. rule association --&gt; buy hammer and nails  sequence discovery--&gt; buy nails in 3 mos.	the linkage among many objects of interest is discovered automatically, such as the link between web pages and referential relationships among groups of academic publication authors.
2	1	decision making	the thought processes involved in evaluating and choosing from among a set of alternatives; it usually involves some kind of risk.	an attempt to select the best alternative when faced with several options
1	0	decision making	the process of considering and selecting alternatives	a complex cognitive process often defined as choosing a particular course of action
3	1	decision making	- complex, cognitive process of choosing a particular course of action - the thought process of selecting a logical choice form available options	- complex, cognitive process often defined as &"choosing a particular course of action&" - always more than one possible course of action - decision maker must choose between alternatives
0	0	decision making	based on components designed to provide the user with the context, input, processes, and products with which to make decisions	application of knowledge and it aims to derive the most satisfying outcome
0	0	decision making	the process of choosing between alternatives, which may include doing nothing.	cognitive strategies used to make a decision depending on the type and number of options
2	1	decision making	giving consideration to a matter, identifying the desired end results, determining options to get the end results, and then selecting the most suitable option to achieve the desired purpose	it's the process of identifying and choosing an alternative courses of action in a manner appropriate to the demands of the situation
1	0	decision making	using &"what if&" cards to challenge students to examine what they would do in various situations.	goal oriented decisions are made on the assessment of expected rewards
1	0	decision making	deciding the proper policy option. lack of agreement based on political issues. group thinking	cognitive strategies used to make a decision depending on the type and number of options
1	0	decision making	the process of considering and selecting alternatives	complex, cognitive process of choosing a particular course of action; the thought process of selecting a logical choice from available options. it involves choosing between courses of action.
2	1	decision making	attempting to select the best alternative among several options	the ability to identify the options available and then choose a specific course of action from the alternatives
3	1	decision making	the process(es) by which an individual selects one course of action from among alternative	cognitive process of selecting a course of action from among multiple alternatives
2	1	decision making	the process of identifying and selecting an alternative based upon the values and preferences of the decision maker	attempting to select the best alternative among several options
2	1	decision making	process whereby appropriate alternatives are weighed and one is ultimately selected  may or may not involve a problem; always involves choices of alternative solutions.	a process of identifying and evaluating choices
2	1	decision making	the thought processes involved in evaluating and choosing from among a set of alternatives; it usually involves some kind of risk.	choice = between two or more alternatives, know outcome  decision = critical element of uncertainty over certain outcome  not good at making them
1	0	decision making	the skill of making a determination, as to a question, problem by means of critical thinking and the problem solving process	the action or process of deciding something or of resolving a question
1	0	decision making	choosing one alternative from the various alternative solutionsthat can be pursued	the conscious process of making choices among alternatives with the intention of moving toward some desired state of affairs
0	0	decision making	the skill of making a determination, as to a question, problem by means of critical thinking and the problem solving process	is usually triggered by a problem but is often handled in a way that does not focus on eliminating the underlying problem.
3	1	decision making	a mental or cognitive process resulting in the selection of a course of action among several alternative scenarios.	cognitive process of selecting a course of action from among multiple alternatives
0	0	decision making	process of selecting a course of action that will solve a problem.	the skill of making a determination, as to a question, problem, or doubt, by making a judgment
0	0	decision making	the conscious process of making choices among alternatives with the intention of moving toward some desired state of affairs	listing options identifying possible consequences assessing probability of consequences identified identifying value behind consequences integrating above to determine course of action
1	0	decision making	-core of management -innermost leadership activity -involves high stakes risk taking -identifiable steps -influence by the context and situation	the process of identifying issues and making choices from alternative courses of action
2	1	decision making	choosing from options	a type of problem solving in which we already know the possible options
0	0	decision making	using clinical reasoning to assess, plan, set priorities, predict, evaluate, and determine the best approach to use in a particular context	using &"what if&" cards to challenge students to examine what they would do in various situations.
0	0	decision making	the ability to make sound, timely and effective decisions  #eating-	must reflect the fair treatment of customers
2	1	decision making	the process of identifying and selecting an alternative based upon the values and preferences of the decision maker	the ability to identify the options available and then choose a specific course of action from the alternatives
0	0	decision making	the ability to make sound, timely and effective decisions  #eating-	using &"what if&" cards to challenge students to examine what they would do in various situations.
2	1	decision making	the act of selecting a preferred course of action among alternatives	the act of choosing between two or more courses of action
2	1	decision making	process of selecting a course of action that will solve a problem.	the action or process of deciding something or of resolving a question
0	0	decision making	the process of choosing between alternatives, which may include doing nothing.	deciding the proper policy option. lack of agreement based on political issues. group thinking
2	1	decision making	the process of choosing between alternatives, which may include doing nothing.	this is a complex cognitive process often define as choosing a particular course of action. possible without full analysis of problem.
1	0	decision making	the process of choosing between alternatives, which may include doing nothing.	an attempt to select the best alternative when faced with several options
0	0	decision making	must reflect the fair treatment of customers	goal oriented decisions are made on the assessment of expected rewards
0	0	decision making	the ability to make sound, timely and effective decisions  #eating-	in a study, the average person made ~200 decisions to make decisions we combine external information with knowledge from previous experience
1	0	decision making	a complex cognitive process often defined as choosing a particular course of action	complex, cognitive process of choosing a particular course of action; the thought process of selecting a logical choice from available options. it involves choosing between courses of action.
1	0	decision making	the mental activity of evaluating alternatives and choosing among them.	application of knowledge in choosing among alternatives for a particular problem, issue or concern with the aim of deriving a most satisfying outcome
1	0	decision making	the process of considering and selecting alternatives	- complex, cognitive process of choosing a particular course of action - the thought process of selecting a logical choice form available options
2	1	decision making	it's the process of identifying and choosing an alternative courses of action in a manner appropriate to the demands of the situation	identifying and choosing solutions that lead to a desired end result  identify alternatives then choose the best one
0	0	decision making	choice = between two or more alternatives, know outcome  decision = critical element of uncertainty over certain outcome  not good at making them	this is a complex cognitive process often define as choosing a particular course of action. possible without full analysis of problem.
1	0	decision making	application of knowledge in choosing among alternatives for a particular problem, issue or concern with the aim of deriving a most satisfying outcome	listing options identifying possible consequences assessing probability of consequences identified identifying value behind consequences integrating above to determine course of action
2	1	decision making	the process of considering and selecting alternatives	- complex, cognitive process often defined as &"choosing a particular course of action&" - always more than one possible course of action - decision maker must choose between alternatives
3	1	decision making	process of making choices among alternatives	the process of choosing from several alternatives making choices
2	1	decision making	choice = between two or more alternatives, know outcome  decision = critical element of uncertainty over certain outcome  not good at making them	an attempt to select the best alternative when faced with several options
1	0	decision making	may or may not involve a problem; always involves choices of alternative solution; is a component of problem solving	a type of problem solving in which we already know the possible options
0	0	decision making	the ability to make sound, timely and effective decisions  #eating-	goal oriented decisions are made on the assessment of expected rewards
0	0	decision making	must reflect the fair treatment of customers	in a study, the average person made ~200 decisions to make decisions we combine external information with knowledge from previous experience
1	0	decision making	the process of choosing from several alternatives making choices	in groups, this usually involves the group choosing a single option from a finite list of choices.
2	1	decision making	decisions involve choices and have consequences. you can choose responsible decisions or responsible ones	the ability to identify the options available and then choose a specific course of action from the alternatives
2	1	decision making	choose a solution or answer from among different options;often considered a step in the problem-solving.	the process of identifying and choosing alternatives based on values and preferences of the decision-maker
2	1	decision making	process of selecting a logical choice from the available options	the process of choosing from several alternatives
2	1	decision making	giving consideration to a matter, identifying the desired end results, determining options to get the end results, and then selecting the most suitable option to achieve the desired purpose	identifying and choosing solutions that lead to a desired end result  identify alternatives then choose the best one
0	0	decision making	is usually triggered by a problem but is often handled in a way that does not focus on eliminating the underlying problem.	the skill of making a determination, as to a question, problem, or doubt, by making a judgment
0	0	decision making	the ability to make sound, timely and effective decisions  #eating-	using clinical reasoning to assess, plan, set priorities, predict, evaluate, and determine the best approach to use in a particular context
1	0	decision making	cognitive strategies used to make a decision depending on the type and number of options	an attempt to select the best alternative when faced with several options
3	1	decision making	it is not problem solving, but a process within it; an act of choosing among options and alternatives	the process of choosing from several alternatives making choices
2	1	decision making	the ability to select one alternative from among a number of alternatives, based on some evaluation criteria; an important skill for troubleshooters.	process of identifying and choosing alternative courses of action
2	1	decision making	application of knowledge in choosing among alternatives for a particular problem, issue or concern with the aim of deriving a most satisfying outcome	the conscious process of making choices among alternatives with the intention of moving toward some desired state of affairs
1	0	decision making	it is not problem solving, but a process within it; an act of choosing among options and alternatives	in groups, this usually involves the group choosing a single option from a finite list of choices.
3	1	decision making	- complex, cognitive process often defined as &"choosing a particular course of action&" - always more than one possible course of action - decision maker must choose between alternatives	complex, cognitive process of choosing a particular course of action; the thought process of selecting a logical choice from available options. it involves choosing between courses of action.
3	1	decision making	complex, cognitive process often defined as choosing a particular course of action. selecting a logical choice from available actions	- complex, cognitive process often defined as &"choosing a particular course of action&" - always more than one possible course of action - decision maker must choose between alternatives
0	0	decision making	a process of choosing among two or more alternative courses of action for the purpose of attaining one or more goals.	the ability to select one alternative from among a number of alternatives, based on some evaluation criteria; an important skill for troubleshooters.
2	1	decision making	the process of identifying and selecting an alternative based upon the values and preferences of the decision maker	decisions involve choices and have consequences. you can choose responsible decisions or responsible ones
1	0	decision making	the process by which managers respond to oppur &  threats by analyzing options, and making decision about goals and courses or action	the process of identifying opportunities, usually to solve a problem
3	1	decision making	the process of choosing from several alternatives	the process of selecting one choice from a number of alternatives
1	0	decision making	the process of choosing between alternatives, which may include doing nothing.	the thought processes involved in evaluating and choosing from among a set of alternatives; it usually involves some kind of risk.
2	1	decision making	the action or process of deciding something or of resolving a question	the skill of making a determination, as to a question, problem, or doubt, by making a judgment
1	0	decision making	is usually triggered by a problem but is often handled in a way that does not focus on eliminating the underlying problem.	process of selecting a course of action that will solve a problem.
1	0	decision making	the process of choosing between alternatives, which may include doing nothing.	choice = between two or more alternatives, know outcome  decision = critical element of uncertainty over certain outcome  not good at making them
0	0	decision making	process whereby appropriate alternatives are weighed and one is ultimately selected	may or may not involve a problem, but it always involves selecting one of several alternatives, each of which may be appropriate under certain circumstances.  subset of problem solving
1	0	decision making	the process of considering and selecting alternatives	complex, cognitive process often defined as choosing a particular course of action. selecting a logical choice from available actions
2	1	decision making	an attempt to select the best alternative when faced with several options	-complex, cognitive process often defined as choosing a particular course of action -thought process of selecting a logical choice from the available options
2	1	decision making	choosing one alternative from the various alternative solutionsthat can be pursued	application of knowledge in choosing among alternatives for a particular problem, issue or concern with the aim of deriving a most satisfying outcome
0	0	decision making	using clinical reasoning to assess, plan, set priorities, predict, evaluate, and determine the best approach to use in a particular context	must reflect the fair treatment of customers
3	1	decision making	process of selecting a logical choice from the available options	the process of selecting one choice from a number of alternatives
2	1	decision making	a complex cognitive process often defined as choosing a particular course of action	-is a complex, cognitive process, the nurse chooses a particular course of action -usually triggered by a problem
1	0	decision making	-is a complex, cognitive process, the nurse chooses a particular course of action -usually triggered by a problem	complex, cognitive process of choosing a particular course of action; the thought process of selecting a logical choice from available options. it involves choosing between courses of action.
1	0	decision making	using clinical reasoning to assess, plan, set priorities, predict, evaluate, and determine the best approach to use in a particular context	goal oriented decisions are made on the assessment of expected rewards
1	0	decision making	the process of identifying issues and making choices from alternative courses of action	6 phase model - definition, solution generation, ideas, action planning, evaluation planning, evaluation of the outcome.
2	1	decision making	the process of developing and deciding among alternative ways of resolving a proble. or choosing among alternative opportunities	the act of choosing one alternative from a set of alternatives
1	0	decision making	using &"what if&" cards to challenge students to examine what they would do in various situations.	in a study, the average person made ~200 decisions to make decisions we combine external information with knowledge from previous experience
3	1	decision making	choose a solution or answer from among different options;often considered a step in the problem-solving.	part of problem-solving, which is defined as the process of identifying and choosing alternatives based on the values and preferences of the decision-maker.
1	0	decision making	whenever an input enters the machine, it uses information gathered from the training examples to determine what course of action it should take.	-establish team rules -gather data -analyze data -formulize recommendation -make decision or go back to previous steps
3	1	decision making	the process of choosing among alternative courses of action.	the act of choosing one alternative from a set of alternatives
1	0	decision making	process of making choices among alternatives	in groups, this usually involves the group choosing a single option from a finite list of choices.
3	1	decision making	- complex, cognitive process of choosing a particular course of action - the thought process of selecting a logical choice form available options	complex, cognitive process often defined as choosing a particular course of action. selecting a logical choice from available actions
2	1	decision making	cognitive strategies used to make a decision depending on the type and number of options	-complex, cognitive process often defined as choosing a particular course of action -thought process of selecting a logical choice from the available options
1	0	decision making	based on components designed to provide the user with the context, input, processes, and products with which to make decisions	core of info processing; alternatives are evaluated and appropriate response is selected
0	0	decision making	deciding the proper policy option. lack of agreement based on political issues. group thinking	an attempt to select the best alternative when faced with several options
0	0	decision making	using &"what if&" cards to challenge students to examine what they would do in various situations.	must reflect the fair treatment of customers
0	0	data storage	it is not possible to capture and stores data only once in the flat-file environment	data from recurring operations, such as accounting, is stored in an operational database. data from other sources and the operational database may be loaded into a data warehouse.
0	0	data storage	efficient information system that captures and stores data only once and makes this single source available to all users who need it	chart of accounts - coding schemas that are well thought out to anticipate management s needs are most efficient and effective ( purpose contains sufficient detail
2	1	data storage	use of recording media to retain data using computers or other devices.	storing data in a storage medium.
0	0	data storage	includes: - storing - retrieving - deleting  accountants need to understand how data are organized and stored in ais and how they can be accessed	data from recurring operations, such as accounting, is stored in an operational database. data from other sources and the operational database may be loaded into a data warehouse.
1	0	data storage	includes: - storing - retrieving - deleting  accountants need to understand how data are organized and stored in ais and how they can be accessed	receives the read/write commands and data from the server and performs necessary operation to store the data on the physical disks
1	0	data storage	updating one or more databases with new transactions, generally realtional db, after update can be further processed	the process of updating one or more databases with new transactions. databases are broken down into general and subsidiary ledgers.
1	0	data storage	designed to support analysis and decision making  - data warehouse - data mart - data cube	includes: - storing - retrieving - deleting  accountants need to understand how data are organized and stored in ais and how they can be accessed
0	0	data storage	designed to support analysis and decision making  - data warehouse - data mart - data cube	data from recurring operations, such as accounting, is stored in an operational database. data from other sources and the operational database may be loaded into a data warehouse.
0	0	data storage	translates the program's logical/request/structural view of data into physically what the os wants to see	data from recurring operations, such as accounting, is stored in an operational database. data from other sources and the operational database may be loaded into a data warehouse.
1	0	data storage	translates the program's logical/request/structural view of data into physically what the os wants to see	receives the read/write commands and data from the server and performs necessary operation to store the data on the physical disks
2	1	data storage	storing data generated by programs	application programs require data to be stored and retrieved,
2	1	data storage	archival of data	includes preservation and archiving of data
0	0	data storage	it is not possible to capture and stores data only once in the flat-file environment	translates the program's logical/request/structural view of data into physically what the os wants to see
0	0	data storage	designed to support analysis and decision making  - data warehouse - data mart - data cube	receives the read/write commands and data from the server and performs necessary operation to store the data on the physical disks
1	0	data storage	it is not possible to capture and stores data only once in the flat-file environment	designed to support analysis and decision making  - data warehouse - data mart - data cube
0	0	data storage	involves updating one or more databases with new transactions.  after being updated, this data can be further processed and manipulated by other systems or modules.	the process of updating one or more databases with new transactions. databases are broken down into general and subsidiary ledgers.
0	0	data storage	data from recurring operations, such as accounting, is stored in an operational database. data from other sources and the operational database may be loaded into a data warehouse.	receives the read/write commands and data from the server and performs necessary operation to store the data on the physical disks
0	0	data storage	includes preservation and archiving of data; mandatory and part of legislation; data no longer actively used is archived	healthcare facilities have a &"records retention schedule&" - a plan for the management of all records, paper or electronic. must comply with state and federal laws
1	0	data storage	translates the program's logical/request/structural view of data into physically what the os wants to see	includes: - storing - retrieving - deleting  accountants need to understand how data are organized and stored in ais and how they can be accessed
2	1	data storage	most applications programs require data to be stored and retrieved whether it is a small file such a memo produced by a word processor or large database	storing data generated by programs
1	0	data storage	it is not possible to capture and stores data only once in the flat-file environment	includes: - storing - retrieving - deleting  accountants need to understand how data are organized and stored in ais and how they can be accessed
0	0	data storage	where data can be stored and retrieved from	storing data generated by programs
2	1	data storage	storing data in a storage medium.	- type of computer hardware operation - storing digital data in a form which balances considerations of cost, reliability, and access speed
0	0	data storage	it is not possible to capture and stores data only once in the flat-file environment	receives the read/write commands and data from the server and performs necessary operation to store the data on the physical disks
0	0	data storage	chart of accounts - coding schemas that are well thought out to anticipate management s needs are most efficient and effective ( purpose contains sufficient detail	creates excessive storage costs of paper documents and/or magnetic forms
0	0	interface design	• the user interface has two main components: • presentation language—the computer-to-human part • action language—human-to-computer part	as in traditional hci: design of interface elements to facilitate user interaction with functionality
1	0	interface design	concerned on how the user interacts with a website interface	-design of user experience -designing graphical user interface (gui)
1	0	interface design	• the user interface has two main components: • presentation language—the computer-to-human part • action language—human-to-computer part	is concerned with specifiying the detail of the interface to an object or to a group of objects
1	0	interface design	as in traditional hci: design of interface elements to facilitate user interaction with functionality	the process of creating an enjoyable, easy-to-use interface which includes interaction, information, functionality, and presentation design elements.
0	0	interface design	• the user interface has two main components: • presentation language—the computer-to-human part • action language—human-to-computer part	the process of creating an enjoyable, easy-to-use interface which includes interaction, information, functionality, and presentation design elements.
0	0	interface design	• the user interface has two main components: • presentation language—the computer-to-human part • action language—human-to-computer part	-clear navigation aids -no dead-end pages  -direct access -simplicity and consistency  -design integrity and stability  -feedback and dialog  -bandwidth and interaction
1	0	interface design	as in traditional hci: design of interface elements to facilitate user interaction with functionality	-clear navigation aids -no dead-end pages  -direct access -simplicity and consistency  -design integrity and stability  -feedback and dialog  -bandwidth and interaction
0	0	interface design	is concerned with specifiying the detail of the interface to an object or to a group of objects	the process of creating an enjoyable, easy-to-use interface which includes interaction, information, functionality, and presentation design elements.
0	0	interface design	as in traditional hci: design of interface elements to facilitate user interaction with functionality	is concerned with specifiying the detail of the interface to an object or to a group of objects
2	1	interface design	the process of creating an enjoyable, easy-to-use interface which includes interaction, information, functionality, and presentation design elements.	-clear navigation aids -no dead-end pages  -direct access -simplicity and consistency  -design integrity and stability  -feedback and dialog  -bandwidth and interaction
1	0	discriminant analysis	method used to find a linear combination of variables that characterise the dependent variable into one or more classes, dependent/criterion variable is categorical	statistical methods that use one or more predictor variable(s) to discriminate between categories (dependent variable is categorical).  simple/easy to interpret. trained model fast, low memory usage.
0	0	discriminant analysis	process used for categorizing participants along a qualitative y variable using several quantitative predictor (x) variables; calculates selection criteria or &"cutoff&" scores	used when the measure of the criterion variable is categorical and the predictor measures produce continuous scores
1	0	discriminant analysis	statistical methods that use one or more predictor variable(s) to discriminate between categories (dependent variable is categorical).	method used to find a linear combination of variables that characterise the dependent variable into one or more classes, dependent/criterion variable is categorical
0	0	data cube	an aggregation of data along various indexes. used to get summary data for specific indexes	the multidimensional data structure used to store and manipulate data in a multidimensional dbms.
0	0	data cube	an aggregation of data along various indexes. used to get summary data for specific indexes	grow to n dimensions, becoming hyper cubes. held in memory in a cube cache to speed access.
2	1	data cube	a multidimensional array of values, (ex. pivottable) (they store summary measures from combinations of fields rather than individual records and fields.)	the multidimensional data structure used to store and manipulate data in a multidimensional dbms.
2	1	data cube	an aggregation of data along various indexes. used to get summary data for specific indexes	a multidimensional array of values, (ex. pivottable) (they store summary measures from combinations of fields rather than individual records and fields.)
3	1	data cube	multi-dimensional (measures) data structures -data mart or not	organization of data as a &"multidimensional matrix&", implementation of a data mart
0	0	data cube	- conceptual implementation of storage of data in terms of x-, y-, and z-axes - axes are dimensions of data - a predefined subset of data in database	represents data in multiple dimensions
2	1	data cube	storing data in a multidimensional matrix	- conceptual implementation of storage of data in terms of x-, y-, and z-axes - axes are dimensions of data - a predefined subset of data in database
3	1	data cube	a shape for visualizing a data warehouse as a multidimensional db	the perceived shape by a user of a multidimensional database in a data warehouse.
0	0	data cube	a collection of data that contains numeric facts called measures, which are categorized by dimensions, such as time and geography.	two, three or more dimensions object, where each dimension represents a database attribute and the data in the cube cells represent measures of interest
0	0	physical memory	the amount of memory that can be addressed by the processor.	the actual number of memory bytes that are physically installed in a computer system; can be smaller than addressable memory but never larger.
1	0	physical memory	the actual number of memory bytes that are physically installed in a computer system; can be smaller than addressable memory but never larger.	the amount of ram actually sitting on memory modules in your computer
1	0	physical memory	the amount of memory that can be addressed by the processor.	limits the size of a process
0	0	physical memory	the actual number of memory bytes that are physically installed in a computer system; can be smaller than addressable memory but never larger.	limits the size of a process
2	1	physical memory	- memory seen by the memory unit - loaded into the memory - address register of memory	memory seen by the mmu.
0	0	physical memory	limits the size of a process	the amount of ram actually sitting on memory modules in your computer
3	1	energy conservation	keeping heat or cooled areas to a minimum, using materials produced w/ low amounts of energy, using recycled materials or recyclable materials.	-keeping the heated or cooled area to a minimum, keeping heat flow to a minimum, using materials with low embodied energy, using recyclable materials
2	1	energy conservation	reducing/eliminating unnecessary wasting of energy	involves reducing or eliminating the unnecessary waste of energy. quickest, cheapest, cleanest way to provide more energy, reduce pollution and slow global warming.
3	1	energy conservation	reducing or eliminating unnecessary energy waste	involves reducing or eliminating the unnecessary waste of energy
1	0	energy conservation	reducing/eliminating unnecessary wasting of energy	- the reduction or elimination of the waste of energy  - 84% of all commercial energy is wasted due to 2nd law of thermodynamics
3	1	energy conservation	use less energy by reducing energy use and waste	using less energy ex. reducing energy use and waste (carpooling, reducing the number of automobile trips)
2	1	energy conservation	using less energy for example by reducing energy and waste. ex carpooling	using less energy, in terms of reducing the amount of energy use and waste, differs from increasing efficinecy
1	0	energy conservation	finding ways to use less energy or to use energy more efficiently.	using less (turning of lights)
0	0	energy conservation	saving energy by using energy wisely and not wasting it	not using energy to help conserve it instead of using energy that is better for the earth (practicing energy efficiency)
1	0	configuration management	system building,component versions,version management,system versions,release management, system releases ,change management	the process of managing changes in an evolving software product
2	1	configuration management	during the development process, you have to keep track of the many different versions of each software component in a configuration management system	hardware and software; must provide good documentation  common tasks  - add, modify, delete - update software on clients
0	0	configuration management	process by which all artefacts and the relationship between them are stored, retriever, uniquely identified, and modified.  artefacts: source code, tests, requirements, db scripts, environmental setup.	have a strategy for storing baselines and controlling changes for: -requirements -source code -db scripts -environment setup -tests
2	1	configuration management	a process for controlling changes in system requirements during software development	during the development process, you have to keep track of the many different versions of each software component in a configuration management system
1	0	configuration management	the process of maintaining and managing the various versions of various artifacts of a software project.	used to control the versions of software and formally track control changes to the software configuration
1	0	configuration management	the process of maintaining and managing the various versions of various artifacts of a software project.	system building,component versions,version management,system versions,release management, system releases ,change management
2	1	configuration management	managing a changing software, version tracking etc	system building,component versions,version management,system versions,release management, system releases ,change management
2	1	configuration management	is the processes to control , coordinate, and track: code, requirements, documentation, problems, change request, designs, tools/ compilers/ libraries/ patches, changes made to them, and who makes the changes.	hardware and software; must provide good documentation  common tasks  - add, modify, delete - update software on clients
2	1	configuration management	managing a changing software, version tracking etc	the process of maintaining and managing the various versions of various artifacts of a software project.
2	1	configuration management	during the development process, you have to keep track of the many different versions of each software component in a configuration management system	is the processes to control , coordinate, and track: code, requirements, documentation, problems, change request, designs, tools/ compilers/ libraries/ patches, changes made to them, and who makes the changes.
3	1	configuration management	managing a changing software, version tracking etc	the process of managing changes in an evolving software product
1	0	configuration management	the quality plan should specify configuration management tools and procedures, including those change-control procedures meant to be applied through out the project	during the development process, you have to keep track of the many different versions of each software component in a configuration management system
0	0	configuration management	a process for controlling changes in system requirements during software development	hardware and software; must provide good documentation  common tasks  - add, modify, delete - update software on clients
0	0	configuration management	the quality plan should specify configuration management tools and procedures, including those change-control procedures meant to be applied through out the project	is the processes to control , coordinate, and track: code, requirements, documentation, problems, change request, designs, tools/ compilers/ libraries/ patches, changes made to them, and who makes the changes.
1	0	configuration management	version management systems (popular as essential tools, record changes in each file)	the quality plan should specify configuration management tools and procedures, including those change-control procedures meant to be applied through out the project
2	1	configuration management	the process of maintaining and managing the various versions of various artifacts of a software project.	the process of managing changes in an evolving software product
1	0	configuration management	version management systems (popular as essential tools, record changes in each file)	is the processes to control , coordinate, and track: code, requirements, documentation, problems, change request, designs, tools/ compilers/ libraries/ patches, changes made to them, and who makes the changes.
1	0	configuration management	used to control the versions of software and formally track control changes to the software configuration	system building,component versions,version management,system versions,release management, system releases ,change management
1	0	literature review	the process of locating, obtaining, reading, and evaluating the research literature in your area of interest	a systematic and critical appraisal of the most important literature on a topic, is a key step in the research process that provides the basis of a research study
1	0	literature review	identifies other literature that deals with the subject of the study and positions the study and its research questions and hypotheses within the present literature on the topic.	- surveys scholarly work such as academic books (not textbooks), computerized databases, -provides an overview of a specific topic
1	0	literature review	a directed search of published works, including periodicals and books, that discusses theory and presents empirical results that are relevant to the topic at hand.	a synthesis of existing published writings that describes what is known or has been studied regarding the particular research question or purpose
1	0	literature review	the process of locating, obtaining, reading, and evaluating the research literature in your area of interest	critical examination of individual studies and systematic reviews to refine and focus the research question  identifies study's variables and gab in literature
2	1	literature review	a written summary and evaluation of the existing literature on a specific topic	written  summary of state of evidence  on a research problem
0	0	literature review	a directed search of published works, including periodicals and books, that discusses theory and presents empirical results that are relevant to the topic at hand.	synthetic review and summary of what is known and unknown regarding the topic of a scholarly body of water, including the current works place within the existing knowledge
1	0	literature review	active &  product: looks at the existing knowledge and then summarizes it in a report	identifies trends and debates in the existing lliterature
2	1	literature review	an integrative review of empirical studies that seek to summarize past research by drawing conclusions from separate investigations that address related or identical hypothesis.	a written summary of the state of evidence on a research problem. are considered secondary sources.
3	1	literature review	a review of the existing published works that are most closely related to a research topic.	is an examination of existing research that has been conducted on a particular topic or issue
1	0	literature review	a written summary and evaluation of the existing literature on a specific topic	a written summary of the state of evidence on a research problem. are considered secondary sources.
0	0	literature review	a directed search of published works, including periodicals and books, that discusses theory and presents empirical results that are relevant to the topic at hand.	- not a series of abstracts - organize and discuss topics across articles and subject areas
2	1	literature review	a systematic examination and interpretation of the literature for the purpose of informing further work on a topic	summary of existing literature on a given topic - conclusions, methods, areas unexplored
3	1	literature review	a summary of previously published theories and research on a topic.	provides an overview of significant published literature on the topic; should be organized by theme.
0	0	literature review	thematic synthesis of sources used to provide readers with an up to date summary of theoretical and empirical findings on a topic	overview of subject -does not include a systematic search of the literature -use informal and subjective methods to collect and interpret information -usually narrative summaries of the evidence
1	0	literature review	puts current research in its historical and theoretical context	describes the background of the study and establishes a relationship between the current study and past studies
2	1	literature review	a critical summary of research on a topic, often prepared to put a research problem in context or to summarize existing evidence.	a written summary and evaluation of the existing literature on a specific topic
1	0	literature review	provides a context for the results to be discussed later on in the study	describes the background of the study and establishes a relationship between the current study and past studies
2	1	literature review	is an examination of existing research that has been conducted on a particular topic or issue	scrutinize previously published academic research studies that are most closely related to your current project.
2	1	literature review	a synthesis of existing published writings that describes what is known or has been studied regarding the particular research question or purpose	synthetic review and summary of what is known and unknown regarding the topic of a scholarly body of water, including the current works place within the existing knowledge
2	1	literature review	the process of locating, obtaining, reading, and evaluating the research literature in your area of interest	a scholarly research step that entails identifying and studying all existing studies on a topic to create a basis for new research
1	0	literature review	a comprehensive evaluation and summary of scholarly research which addresses a particular research topic	-systematic appraisal of literature on a topic -essential to all research studies -provides foundation for any research study
1	0	literature review	provides a context for the results to be discussed later on in the study	provides a link in past, present, and the future
2	1	literature review	critical examination of individual studies and systematic reviews to refine and focus the research question  identifies study's variables and gab in literature	a scholarly research step that entails identifying and studying all existing studies on a topic to create a basis for new research
2	1	literature review	consultation of written material relevant to a research problem	identifies other literature that deals with the subject of the study and positions the study and its research questions and hypotheses within the present literature on the topic.
1	0	literature review	identifies other literature that deals with the subject of the study and positions the study and its research questions and hypotheses within the present literature on the topic.	synthesis of existing literature/ evidence; not a list of article summaries  -research that has been done -methodologies -strengths/weaknesses of research findings -gaps in knowledge
1	0	literature review	a thorough search through previously published studies relevant to a particular topic; a scientific knowledge accumulator; people learn and build on what others have done	brief detailed outline of previous research, clinical care standards, landmark studies and commentaries, which address specific issues and controversies that impact a study.
2	1	probability distributions	1. tells you all the possible outcomes of a random experiment 2. the probability of each outcome	represent the theoretical outcomes of the hypothesis; list of all potential events; each event assigned a probability - gives us an idea of what to expect
0	0	probability distributions	probability distribution for a random variable=describes how probabilities are distributed over the values of the random variable with a table, graph, or formula.	a listing of all the values of a random variable and the probability of each
1	0	probability distributions	describe the possible number of times that a particular event will occur in a sequence of observations	lists all possible events and the probabilities with which they occur.
2	1	probability distributions	a graph, table or formula that gives the probability of each value of the random variable	probability distribution for a random variable=describes how probabilities are distributed over the values of the random variable with a table, graph, or formula.
1	0	probability distributions	-based on proportions or probabilities for discrete distributions -based on density for continuous distributions  (probability= area under density curve)	graph probability versus the range of possible values for a trait  ex. uniform probability distribution, gaussian (normal probability) distribution
1	0	collision detection	node listens to channel while transmitting. if another node is transmitting, it will stop and wait random time; stop talking if someone else begins talking	listen for themselves if they can't understand, collision occurred stop transmitting, pick a random number, wait
0	0	collision detection	ethernet listen while transmitting → schedules retransmission if collision assumed	if there is a collision the station will know as they will hear the room transmission returned in a garbled form
0	0	collision detection	listen for themselves if they can't understand, collision occurred stop transmitting, pick a random number, wait	signal waits a random amount of time after a collision then tries again
1	0	collision detection	when collision is detected due to two nodes sending at same time (after both detecting period of non-activity), both stop and transmit again after a random period of time.	signal waits a random amount of time after a collision then tries again
1	0	collision detection	node listens to channel while transmitting. if another node is transmitting, it will stop and wait random time; stop talking if someone else begins talking	signal waits a random amount of time after a collision then tries again
1	0	collision detection	node listens to channel while transmitting. if another node is transmitting, it will stop and wait random time; stop talking if someone else begins talking	when collision is detected due to two nodes sending at same time (after both detecting period of non-activity), both stop and transmit again after a random period of time.
2	1	user input	text that the user enters which is stored in a variable for later use	data input into a computer system by a user.
0	0	text mining	semantic; unstructured mining (mostly text files) account for 80% of an org's useful information; allows businesses to extract key elements, discover patterns, and summarize large unstructured data sets	an exercise to gain knowledge from stores of language text (unstructured data) web pages *90% of world's data held in unstructured formats
0	0	text mining	an exercise to gain knowledge from stores of language text (unstructured data) web pages *90% of world's data held in unstructured formats	allows businesses to extract key elements/discover patterns and summarize large unstructured data sets
1	0	text mining	used to analyze unstructured text that examines keywords, semantic structures, linguistic relationships	comparing attributes of multiple documents  semantic determinations  uses attributes from text analysis  key term identification for search advertising  document categorization of type or source
2	1	text mining	the process of deriving high-quality information from text.	analysis of text-based data (online forms, emails, notes)
1	0	text mining	-classify/rate text documents -discover previously unknown patterns	bi analysis tool that can be used to mine text stored in various enterprise documents, including emails, word processing documents, and reports.  typically used on relatively unstructured data
2	1	text mining	semantic; unstructured mining (mostly text files) account for 80% of an org's useful information; allows businesses to extract key elements, discover patterns, and summarize large unstructured data sets	performs big data analysis on unstructured data to reveal constant patterns and relationships
1	0	text mining	an exercise to gain knowledge from stores of language text (unstructured data) web pages *90% of world's data held in unstructured formats	performs big data analysis on unstructured data to reveal constant patterns and relationships
0	0	text mining	analysis of text-based data (online forms, emails, notes)	text analytics or the process of deriving high-quality info from text. may use statistical pattern learning, then using final evaluation and interpretation of the output.
0	0	text mining	discovery of patterns and relationships from large sets of unstructured data.	unstructured accounts for 80% of an organization's useful info; allows businesses to extract key elements from, discover patterns in, and summarize large unstructured data sets
2	1	text mining	text analytics or the process of deriving high-quality info from text. may use statistical pattern learning, then using final evaluation and interpretation of the output.	high-quality information is typically derived through the devising of patterns and trends through means such as statistical pattern learning.
1	0	text mining	discovery of patterns and relationships from large sets of unstructured data.	allows businesses to extract key elements/discover patterns and summarize large unstructured data sets
1	0	text mining	discovery of patterns and relationships from large sets of unstructured data.	an exercise to gain knowledge from stores of language text (unstructured data) web pages *90% of world's data held in unstructured formats
2	1	text mining	used to analyze unstructured text that examines keywords, semantic structures, linguistic relationships	model and structure the info content of textual sources
0	0	text mining	comparing attributes of multiple documents  semantic determinations  uses attributes from text analysis  key term identification for search advertising  document categorization of type or source	model and structure the info content of textual sources
0	0	text mining	the process of deriving high-quality information from text.	high-quality information is typically derived through the devising of patterns and trends through means such as statistical pattern learning.
0	0	text mining	semantic; unstructured mining (mostly text files) account for 80% of an org's useful information; allows businesses to extract key elements, discover patterns, and summarize large unstructured data sets	allows businesses to extract key elements/discover patterns and summarize large unstructured data sets
3	1	text mining	semantic; unstructured mining (mostly text files) account for 80% of an org's useful information; allows businesses to extract key elements, discover patterns, and summarize large unstructured data sets	unstructured accounts for 80% of an organization's useful info; allows businesses to extract key elements from, discover patterns in, and summarize large unstructured data sets
0	0	text mining	the process of deriving high-quality information from text.	analyze text data from web, etc, using machine learning or natural language processing technology
1	0	text mining	the process of deriving high-quality information from text.	text analytics or the process of deriving high-quality info from text. may use statistical pattern learning, then using final evaluation and interpretation of the output.
0	0	text mining	unstructured accounts for 80% of an organization's useful info; allows businesses to extract key elements from, discover patterns in, and summarize large unstructured data sets	an exercise to gain knowledge from stores of language text (unstructured data) web pages *90% of world's data held in unstructured formats
1	0	text mining	performs big data analysis on unstructured data to reveal constant patterns and relationships	allows businesses to extract key elements/discover patterns and summarize large unstructured data sets
2	1	text mining	analyze text data from web, etc, using machine learning or natural language processing technology	high-quality information is typically derived through the devising of patterns and trends through means such as statistical pattern learning.
1	0	text mining	-classify/rate text documents -discover previously unknown patterns	analyzes unstructured data to find trends and patterns in words and sentences
1	0	text mining	discovery and extraction of patterns and relationships from multiple sets of unstructured data	first, impose structured to the data, then mine the structured data
1	0	model checking	a formal method; the process of automatically determining if a program or sub-program satisfies certain requirements; requirements are often specified using logical expressions	technique to verify whether a program adheres to the formal specification
2	1	anchor text	visible text/characters that links to another document/location	-summarizes what its linking website is about (works that are the physical link)
2	1	anchor text	text inside &lt;a&gt;&lt;/a&gt; describe the link	visible text/characters that links to another document/location
1	0	anchor text	text inside &lt;a&gt;&lt;/a&gt; describe the link	-summarizes what its linking website is about (works that are the physical link)
1	0	anchor text	the highlighted (often blue) text indicating the presence of a hyperlink.	short, descriptive, and similar to query text helps when descriptive text in destination page is embedded in image logos rather than in accessible text
1	0	user requirements	statements and models that express the expectations of what the system is to provide users and the constraints it must operate under	requirements of what services the system is expected to provide system users
3	1	user requirements	statements and models that express the expectations of what the system is to provide users and the constraints it must operate under	statements of what services the system is expected to provide system users and the constraints under which it must operate.
1	0	user requirements	in a natural language plus diagrams, of what services the system is expected to provide and the constraints under which it must operate	identifying business requirements the system must satisfy which is provided by users. this is often the most difficult task in systems analysis.
1	0	user requirements	a document in natural language for users to understand system constraints and uses of the system	- describe solution from end user perspective  - documentation method = use case specification
3	1	user requirements	- natural language - supported by diagrams of the services the system provides - written for customers	statements of the services the system provides and its operational constraints; written in natural langauge and diagrams; written for customers
2	1	user requirements	results that the user of a system needs to have met	documents describing the user goals, tasks or activities that the users must be able to perform with the product and flow of the system
0	0	user requirements	a document in natural language for users to understand system constraints and uses of the system	identifying business requirements the system must satisfy which is provided by users. this is often the most difficult task in systems analysis.
2	1	user requirements	statements in natural languages plus diagrams of the services the system provides and its operational constraints. written for customers.	statements in natural language with diagrams of the services the system provides and its operational constraints
3	1	user requirements	statements in natural languages plus diagrams of the services the system provides and its operational constraints. written for customers.	user requirements are statements, in a natural language plus diagrams, of what services the system is expected to provide to system users and the operational constraints. written for customers.
0	0	user requirements	- natural language - supported by diagrams of the services the system provides - written for customers	user requirements are statements, in a natural language plus diagrams, of what services the system is expected to provide to system users and the operational constraints. written for customers.
3	1	user requirements	user requirements are statements, in a natural language plus diagrams, of what services the system is expected to provide to system users and the operational constraints. written for customers.	statements of the services the system provides and its operational constraints; written in natural langauge and diagrams; written for customers
2	1	user requirements	statements in natural language with diagrams of the services the system provides and its operational constraints	statements of the services the system provides and its operational constraints; written in natural langauge and diagrams; written for customers
3	1	user requirements	statements in natural languages plus diagrams of the services the system provides and its operational constraints. written for customers.	statements of the services the system provides and its operational constraints; written in natural langauge and diagrams; written for customers
1	0	user requirements	in a natural language plus diagrams, of what services the system is expected to provide and the constraints under which it must operate	- describe solution from end user perspective  - documentation method = use case specification
2	1	user requirements	in a natural language plus diagrams, of what services the system is expected to provide and the constraints under which it must operate	a document in natural language for users to understand system constraints and uses of the system
2	1	user requirements	should describe functional and non-functional requirements in such a way that they are understandable by system users who don't have detailed technical knowledge.	they describe functional requirements in such a way that they are understandable by system users with no technical knowledge
1	0	problem domain	the environment in which the system is operating, for example in facebook friends, timeline and photos would be an example of a problem domain	elements are real world things we need to represent within our system.
0	0	problem domain	the specific problem the software you;re working on is trying to solve	elements are real world things we need to represent within our system.
1	0	communication links	fiber, copper, radio, satellite transmission rate: bandwidth	mediums through which end systems send messages to each other. includes coaxial cable, copper wire, optical fiber, and radio spectrum.
1	0	communication links	fiber, copper, radio, satellite transmission rate: bandwidth	the thing that connects end systems together (i.e. coaxial cables, copper wires, optical fiber, and the radio spectrum)
2	1	adjacency matrix	good for dense graphs; connectivity between two vertices can be tested quickly.	a matrix which records the number of direct links between vertices
0	0	adjacency matrix	a way of storing a graph in a computer by having a matrix which records the number of direct links between vertices of a graph.	has a memory usage of |v|²
1	0	adjacency matrix	a matrix which records the number of direct links between vertices if human, sociomatrix	setting up the data as a n*n matrix, where n is the number of nodes in the dataset.
1	0	adjacency matrix	good for dense graphs; connectivity between two vertices can be tested quickly.	- square matrix of vertices where the elements of the matrix describe the edges - vertices will be listed in sorted order - e.g. binary adjacency matrix
2	1	adjacency matrix	2d array. each row,column = node. intersection shows weight. in undirected, weight is 1/0 and is symmetrical	a data structure set up as a two-dimensional array or grid that shows whether there is an edge between each pair of nodes.
2	1	adjacency matrix	grid used with a graph to see connections each node labeled on top and left axes 0 if no direct connection 1 if direct connection exists	a matrix which records the number of direct links between vertices if human, sociomatrix
0	0	adjacency matrix	has a memory usage of |v|²	a matrix representation of a graph that uses quadratic space.
2	1	adjacency matrix	a chart showing the relationship among spaces (adjacent or convenient) for the client.	-shows which spaces need to be near each other, what the relationship is between spaces
0	0	adjacency matrix	a way of storing a graph in a computer by having a matrix which records the number of direct links between vertices of a graph.	a matrix representation of a graph that uses quadratic space.
1	0	adjacency matrix	good for dense graphs; connectivity between two vertices can be tested quickly.	a graph representaiton that uses a 2d array such that if arr[i][j] == 1, there is an edge between vertices i and j
2	1	adjacency matrix	a graph representaiton that uses a 2d array such that if arr[i][j] == 1, there is an edge between vertices i and j	a matrix which records the number of direct links between vertices
1	0	adjacency matrix	- square matrix of vertices where the elements of the matrix describe the edges - vertices will be listed in sorted order - e.g. binary adjacency matrix	a graph representaiton that uses a 2d array such that if arr[i][j] == 1, there is an edge between vertices i and j
1	0	adjacency matrix	- square matrix of vertices where the elements of the matrix describe the edges - vertices will be listed in sorted order - e.g. binary adjacency matrix	a matrix which records the number of direct links between vertices
1	0	adjacency matrix	grid used with a graph to see connections each node labeled on top and left axes 0 if no direct connection 1 if direct connection exists	setting up the data as a n*n matrix, where n is the number of nodes in the dataset.
0	0	adjacency matrix	a matrix chart that identifies a hierarchy of importance between different spaces	a method for programming which identifies relationships between other spaces and their heirarchy
0	0	adjacency matrix	which tool is best for documenting spatial proximity, related activities and identifying priorities:	a visual tool created to illustrate, confirm, and clarify clients' needs and significant relationships between spaces. a helpful tool in the development and analysis of spatial relationships.
1	0	dynamic environment	user controls the action on the screen and makes instant decisions about what happens next. (video games)	something that changes based on outside things/ interactive/ like a video game
3	1	mutual information	measures the amount of info one can obtain from one random variable given another one	is a quantity describing the amount of information two random variables carry about each other.
1	0	mutual information	i(x,y) = h(x) + h(y) - h(x,y) - information one variable provides about another - h(x,y) is the joint entropy of x and y	measure of reduction of entropy in variable x given a variable y i(x,y) = h(y) - h(x|y)
2	1	mutual information	information one variable provides about another  h(x, y) = -sum(sum(p(ij)logbase2(p(ij)):for i):for j)	measures the amount of info one can obtain from one random variable given another one
0	0	mutual information	i(x,y) = h(x) + h(y) - h(x,y) - information one variable provides about another - h(x,y) is the joint entropy of x and y	h(b|a) is the conditional probability h(b) = shannon entropy of image b
0	0	mutual information	information one variable provides about another  h(x, y) = -sum(sum(p(ij)logbase2(p(ij)):for i):for j)	■mi는 두 변수 사이의 상호 의존성을 측정한 것임 ■ random 변수에 들어있는 정보량을 정의하는 information theory의 기본 개념인 random 변수의 entropy 개념과 복잡하게 연관되어 있음
1	0	image data	the data visible on the monitor • once the raw data have been segmented and averaged each pixel will have an associated hu	spatial contrast standard uptake value (uptake data)
0	0	image data	after reconstruction process, filtered raw data is displayed as image data	data that is used to discover relevant information from images stored in large databases.
0	0	metric space	a set x that is endowed with a metric	a pair (x,d) of a set x and a distance function d
0	0	regular expression	a combination of symbols, identifiers, values, and operators that yields a result upon evaluation.	a pattern composed of a sequence of characters that describe allowable input variants
1	0	regular expression	a concise description of a character pattern used in data validation.	a notation for defining all the valid strings of a formal language or a special text string for describing a search pattern.
0	0	regular expression	strings that describe data or data patterns for which a user wishes to search.	defines a pattern of characters to be found in a string
2	1	regular expression	type of grammar that specifies a set of strings and can be used to denote a language over an alphabet	a concise description of a character pattern used in data validation.
1	0	regular expression	a string that describes a search pattern for matching characters in other strings. such expressions are useful for validating input and ensuring that data is in a particular format	sequence of characters that form a search pattern that identify one or more strings in input data
2	1	regular expression	strings that describe data or data patterns for which a user wishes to search.	a pattern used for matching and manipulating strings according to specified rules.
1	0	regular expression	a concise description of a character pattern used in data validation.	powerful pattern matching language valuable for parsing text.
1	0	regular expression	a string that describes a search pattern for matching characters in other strings. such expressions are useful for validating input and ensuring that data is in a particular format	defines a pattern of characters to be found in a string
1	0	regular expression	type of grammar that specifies a set of strings and can be used to denote a language over an alphabet	a notation for defining all the valid strings of a formal language or a special text string for describing a search pattern.
2	1	regular expression	strings that describe data or data patterns for which a user wishes to search.	sequence of characters that form a search pattern that identify one or more strings in input data
0	0	regular expression	type of grammar that specifies a set of strings and can be used to denote a language over an alphabet	powerful pattern matching language valuable for parsing text.
2	1	regular expression	defines a pattern of characters to be found in a string	sequence of characters that form a search pattern that identify one or more strings in input data
2	1	regular expression	special strings that represent a search pattern. also known as &"regex&" or &"regexp&"	a method of searching for strings or phrases that are not known precisely using partial strings and special characters
1	0	regular expression	a pattern used for matching and manipulating strings according to specified rules.	defines a pattern of characters to be found in a string
0	0	data collection	subjective data objective data sources of data	set of data fields from different tables in different data connections
0	0	data collection	sources of data like patient, family, experience, health care team, medical records, etc	- objective and subjective data - health assessment/examination - interview - family - chart
0	0	data collection	most companies collect more data than they can adequately protect.	set of data fields from different tables in different data connections
0	0	data collection	extraction of business process performance trend data and store it in local scores tables	first operational stage in the information system
2	1	data collection	extraction of business process performance trend data and store it in local scores tables	first operational stage in information system. to ensure that event data entering the system is valid, complete, and free from material errors.
1	0	data collection	has the potential to greatly increase the amount of nonsampling error in a survey.	data must be relevant and free from error
0	0	data collection	extraction of business process performance trend data and store it in local scores tables	used to find information about an existing system during the development of a new system.
1	0	data collection	-notes -copious, detailed notes  -images of people doing work of artifacts  -videos (if suitable)  -audio recordings (if suitable)	video data pre &  post surveys interviews &  focus groups software logs field notes eye tracking
0	0	data collection	extraction of business process performance trend data and store it in local scores tables	the first step in the model discovery process, which comes before data exploration.
0	0	data collection	in healthcare organizations, this falls into one of three categories: patient-specific, aggregated or comparative	the process of gathering and measuring information about variables on study in an established systematic procedure, which then enable to answer relevant questions at hand and evaluate outcomes.
0	0	data collection	data must be relevant and free from error	phase in research where respondents provide answers, this creates non sampling error.
0	0	data collection	info about client goals, measurable targets	the process of gathering and measuring information about variables on study in an established systematic procedure, which then enable to answer relevant questions at hand and evaluate outcomes.
2	1	data collection	work streams (data collection techniques) - client interviews - client focus group discussions - surveys and questionnaires - planned observations - secondary research	the phase of the marketing research process during which respondents provide their answers or information to inquiries posed to them by the researcher.
1	0	data collection	the processes by which data are collected	subjective data objective data sources of data
0	0	data collection	to understand about sensor data, we started the work with the collecting data.	set of data fields from different tables in different data connections
1	0	data collection	has the potential to greatly increase the amount of nonsampling error in a survey.	phase in research where respondents provide answers, this creates non sampling error.
0	0	data collection	first operational stage in information system. to ensure that event data entering the system is valid, complete, and free from material errors.	used to find information about an existing system during the development of a new system.
0	0	data collection	info about client goals, measurable targets	the process of observing phenomena. a synonym for observation.
0	0	data collection	most companies collect more data than they can adequately protect.	to understand about sensor data, we started the work with the collecting data.
3	1	data collection	the phase of the marketing research process during which respondents provide their responses to the inquiries by the researcher.	the phase of the marketing research process during which respondents provide their answers or information to inquiries posed to them by the researcher.
1	0	data collection	the phase of the marketing research process during which respondents provide their responses to the inquiries by the researcher.	work streams (data collection techniques) - client interviews - client focus group discussions - surveys and questionnaires - planned observations - secondary research
0	0	data collection	most companies collect more data than they can adequately protect.	subjective data objective data sources of data
0	0	data collection	the processes by which data are collected	set of data fields from different tables in different data connections
2	1	data collection	the processes by which data are collected	to understand about sensor data, we started the work with the collecting data.
0	0	data collection	to understand about sensor data, we started the work with the collecting data.	subjective data objective data sources of data
2	1	data collection	the first step in the model discovery process, which comes before data exploration.	first operational stage in the information system
0	0	data collection	gives the methods to determine who will participants in the study, how the variables will be measured, and how the data will be documented and collected.	info about client goals, measurable targets
0	0	data collection	gives the methods to determine who will participants in the study, how the variables will be measured, and how the data will be documented and collected.	the process of gathering and measuring information about variables on study in an established systematic procedure, which then enable to answer relevant questions at hand and evaluate outcomes.
0	0	data collection	sources of data like patient, family, experience, health care team, medical records, etc	the process by which data is gathered.
1	0	data collection	used to find information about an existing system during the development of a new system.	first operational stage in the information system
1	0	data collection	gathering and measuring information on targeted variables in order to answer questions and evaluate outcomes.	info about client goals, measurable targets
1	0	data collection	- the process of gathering information about a client's health status	subjective data objective data sources of data patient family and significant others health care team medical records
0	0	data collection	gives the methods to determine who will participants in the study, how the variables will be measured, and how the data will be documented and collected.	in healthcare organizations, this falls into one of three categories: patient-specific, aggregated or comparative
1	0	data collection	the first step in the model discovery process, which comes before data exploration.	first operational stage in information system. to ensure that event data entering the system is valid, complete, and free from material errors.
0	0	data collection	general survey (bbmvp - body structure, behavior, mobility, vitals, physical appearance) healthy history, labs, initial assessment	obtain height and weight and plot a standard growth chart. record developmental milestones achieved as they relate to age. observe the infant and interview the parents.
0	0	data collection	gathering and measuring information on targeted variables in order to answer questions and evaluate outcomes.	in healthcare organizations, this falls into one of three categories: patient-specific, aggregated or comparative
0	0	data collection	in healthcare organizations, this falls into one of three categories: patient-specific, aggregated or comparative	info about client goals, measurable targets
1	0	data collection	sources of data like patient, family, experience, health care team, medical records, etc	subjective data objective data sources of data patient family and significant others health care team medical records
1	0	data collection	gives the methods to determine who will participants in the study, how the variables will be measured, and how the data will be documented and collected.	gathering and measuring information on targeted variables in order to answer questions and evaluate outcomes.
0	0	data collection	subjective data objective data sources of data patient family and significant others health care team medical records	the process by which data is gathered.
1	0	data collection	capturing and gathering all data into a table in order to better visualize all the information gathered from the experiment	information and observations collected during the experiment. data is collected in tables during the experiment.
0	0	data collection	gives the methods to determine who will participants in the study, how the variables will be measured, and how the data will be documented and collected.	the process of observing phenomena. a synonym for observation.
1	0	data collection	-record review 1. medical record 2. educational record -parent/teacher/student report - personality (excites, motivates etc.) -observation -direct testing (body structure/function, activity, participation, qol)	obtain height and weight and plot a standard growth chart. record developmental milestones achieved as they relate to age. observe the infant and interview the parents.
3	1	parallel simulation	technique where auditor reprocesses some or all of clients live data and then compares the results with clients files (auditors system is used to process clients data)	where the auditor reprocesses live data and compares this with client's data.
1	0	parallel simulation	processes client input data on a controlled program under the auditor's control to test controls in the computer system	using auditor-written software to process data and comparing the output with the company's output; discrepancies are investigated to see if unauthorized program changes were made.
2	1	static analysis	look for virus signatures	the process av products use to scan files and attempt to match known virus patterns against potentially infected files.
3	1	static analysis	the process av products use to scan files and attempt to match known virus patterns against potentially infected files.	scanning files by attempting to match known virus patterns against potentially infected files.
2	1	static analysis	look for virus signatures	scan files by attempting to match known virus patterns. must be up-to-date to be effective.
3	1	static analysis	analysis of a program carried out without executing the program.	analysis of a program by examining it, but without running it.
0	0	static analysis	the process of evaluating a component or system without executing it, based on its form, structure, content, or documentation	the process of analyzing the static structure of a program or intermediate software product. this is usually automated and can detect errors or error prone conditions
1	0	static analysis	scan files by attempting to match known virus patterns. must be up-to-date to be effective.	scanning files by attempting to match known virus patterns against potentially infected files.
2	1	static analysis	type of software testing in which a program's structure and components are examined without being executed	the process of analyzing the static structure of a program or intermediate software product. this is usually automated and can detect errors or error prone conditions
0	0	static analysis	look for virus signatures	scanning files by attempting to match known virus patterns against potentially infected files.
2	1	data set	collection of data values as a whole (what goes into excel)	a collection of facts (numbers, words, measurements) or observations.
1	0	data set	a collection of related  data items, such as the answers given by respondents to all the questions on a survey. compare  data file, *data base.	a collection of data used to address a particular question(s)
2	1	data set	a collection of related data consisting of observational units and variables	consists of all values of all of the variables for all the observations we have chose to observe
2	1	data set	a data set is a recommended or required summary of data elements that applies to a particular activity.	recommended data elements with uniform definitions that are relevant for a particular use.
2	1	data set	a recommended list of data elements that support a specific healthcare industry	a list of recommended data elements with uniform definitions that are relevant for a particular use or are specific to a type of healthcare industry
1	0	data set	a collection of data.  examples- marketing survey responses, table of historical stock prices, and a collection of measurements of dimensions of a manufactured item.	a collection of data used to address a particular question(s)
2	1	data set	a collection of numbers that answer a statistical question	a collection of data used to address a particular question(s)
1	0	data set	a group of individual values or bits of information that are related in some way or have some common characteristic or attribute.	a list of records with values for some predefined fields
1	0	data set	a collection of related  data items, such as the answers given by respondents to all the questions on a survey. compare  data file, *data base.	collection of data values as a whole (what goes into excel)
3	1	data set	a - is a collection of data value.	collection of data objects(record, point, vector, pattern, event, case, sample, observation, entity)
0	0	data set	a collection of related data consisting of observational units and variables	the collection of all observations for a particular variable
0	0	data set	the mean (average) of a data set is found by adding all numbers in the data set and then dividing by the number of values in the set.	a large number of values of the same measure from different individuals/tests.
2	1	data set	a simple group of numbers in mathematics	simple group of numbers differentiated used in mathematics.
1	0	data set	the total points gathered by counting, measuring, questioning, or observing.	a collection of observations or events such as test scores, grades on a test, or response times
0	0	data set	the total points gathered by counting, measuring, questioning, or observing.	a group of related numbers used to analyze information
3	1	data set	a collection of related information made up of separate elements that can be treated as a unit in data handling.	a data set is a collection of related data that has separate elements but can be managed as a whole.
2	1	data set	a collection of numbers that answer a statistical question	a collection of data.  examples- marketing survey responses, table of historical stock prices, and a collection of measurements of dimensions of a manufactured item.
1	0	data set	a collection of facts (numbers, words, measurements) or observations.	a collection of numbers that answer a statistical question
1	0	data set	a collection of facts (numbers, words, measurements) or observations.	a collection of data used to address a particular question(s)
0	0	data set	collection of data values as a whole (what goes into excel)	a collection of data used to address a particular question(s)
0	0	data set	the mean (average) of a data set is found by adding all numbers in the data set and then dividing by the number of values in the set.	a list of records with values for some predefined fields
2	1	data set	collection of data values as a whole (what goes into excel)	a collection of data.  examples- marketing survey responses, table of historical stock prices, and a collection of measurements of dimensions of a manufactured item.
2	1	data set	a data set is a recommended or required summary of data elements that applies to a particular activity.	a recommended list of data elements that support a specific healthcare industry
2	1	data set	collection of data values as a whole (what goes into excel)	a collection of numbers that answer a statistical question
2	1	data set	a collection of related  data items, such as the answers given by respondents to all the questions on a survey. compare  data file, *data base.	a collection of facts (numbers, words, measurements) or observations.
2	1	data set	a collection of facts (numbers, words, measurements) or observations.	a collection of data.  examples- marketing survey responses, table of historical stock prices, and a collection of measurements of dimensions of a manufactured item.
1	0	data set	consists of all values of all of the variables for all the observations we have chose to observe	the collection of all observations for a particular variable
1	0	knowledge discovery	data mining is sometimes referred to as	80% data management (data collection, data exploration, data preparation); 20% machine learning (modeling, validation &  interpretation, knowledge)
1	0	knowledge discovery	searching collections of data for hidden patterns.	identification of novel and valuable patterns in large databases
1	0	logical structure	each file &  folder must have a unique name. each user on a system has their own home directory. users can set permissions	process building blocks must have single entry and exit
0	0	logical structure	way info in a doc is organized mainly used in xml docs	process building blocks must have single entry and exit
1	0	virtual worlds	online, highly engaging digital environments where avatars live and interact with other avatars in real time ex) club penguin	• computer-generated environment where users present themselves in the form of an avatar, or animated character  •avatar: online identity expressed by an animated or cartoon figure
3	1	virtual worlds	-computer-stimulated environments that users connect through their internet connection -can be text-based or contain graphical elements	computer-simulated environments that users connect to through their internet connection. these worlds can be text-based (muds) or contain graphical elements (mmos, second life
0	0	virtual worlds	online, highly engaging digital environments where avatars live and interact with other avatars in real time ex) club penguin	an online community that takes the form of a computer-based simulated environment through which users can interact.
0	0	virtual worlds	• computer-generated environment where users present themselves in the form of an avatar, or animated character  •avatar: online identity expressed by an animated or cartoon figure	an online community that takes the form of a computer-based simulated environment through which users can interact.
0	0	time period	artificial time periods for reporting purposes	entity is subdivided into accounting periods.
1	0	game theory	an approach that emphasizes how actors or organizations behave in their goal to influence others; built upon assumptions of rational choice	applies to a wide range of behavioral relations and has developed into an umbrella term for logical side of decision science
1	0	game theory	a mathematical approach to studying behavior that solves for the optimal decision in strategic situations (games) where the payoff to a particular choice depends on the choices of others	mathematical approach for predicting outcomes of actor's interactions in various scenarios
2	1	game theory	a mathematical theory about how decisions are made in situations where one person's decision affects another, that is used in many fields such as economics, psychology, and biology	applies to a wide range of behavioral relations and has developed into an umbrella term for logical side of decision science
2	1	game theory	the study of how people behave in strategic situations	the study of strategic decision making, applies to a wide range of behavioral relations.
0	0	game theory	an approach that emphasizes how actors or organizations behave in their goal to influence others; built upon assumptions of rational choice	originally used to study decision making in terms of economics policy and mathematics; can be used to scientists to study social behavior in animals
2	1	game theory	the study of how people behave in strategic situations	study of strategic decision making
0	0	game theory	originally used to study decision making in terms of economics policy and mathematics; can be used to scientists to study social behavior in animals	applies to a wide range of behavioral relations and has developed into an umbrella term for logical side of decision science
2	1	game theory	the study of strategic decision making/mathematical models of conflict and cooperation between intelligent rational decision-makers.	the study of strategic decision making. specifically, it is &"the study of mathematical models of conflict and cooperation between intelligent rational decision-makers.&" an alternative term would be &"interactive decision theory.&"
2	1	game theory	the study of strategic decision making/mathematical models of conflict and cooperation between intelligent rational decision-makers.	the study of mathematical models of conflict and cooperation between intelligent rational decision makers
1	0	game theory	a mathematical approach to studying behavior that solves for the optimal decision in strategic situations (games) where the payoff to a particular choice depends on the choices of others	general framework trying to understand strategic interaction  1. players 2. actions/strategies 3. payoffs 4. information they have, timing, cognition
1	0	game theory	general framework trying to understand strategic interaction  1. players 2. actions/strategies 3. payoffs 4. information they have, timing, cognition	mathematical approach for predicting outcomes of actor's interactions in various scenarios
3	1	game theory	the study of strategic decision making/mathematical models of conflict and cooperation between intelligent rational decision-makers.	the study of strategic decision making. specifically, it is &"the study of mathematical models of conflict and cooperation between intelligent rational decision-makers.&"
3	1	software reuse	using existing software to make new programs	using existing software artifacts to construct a new software system
2	1	software reuse	use of a program or abstract algorithm for an application different from the one for which it was originally written.	the practice of incorporating modified or unmodified pieces of source code from existing software into the creation of new software
2	1	software reuse	the ability to use software routines over again in new applications	the process of creating software systems from predefined software components.
0	0	software reuse	creating classes that operate on a wide variety of different objects, and can be &"dropped into&" a current project, leading to reduced software cost and increased reliability.	taking advantage of already written code to develop different programs.
2	1	software reuse	using existing software artifacts to construct a new software system	reusing software components and abilities from previous systems
1	0	global variables	variable can be accessed by any function in the program, defined outside all functions, default initial value is 0, value of variable can be changed by any function	variables that are defined outside of all functions
1	0	global variables	are defined outside of the functions, usually at the beginning of the program, before any functions are defined.	variables declared in the main body of the program and so can be accessed anywhere in the code
1	0	global variables	are defined outside of the functions, usually at the beginning of the program, before any functions are defined.	variables declared outside any function, and they can be accessed (used) on any function in the program
2	1	global variables	these variables are created outside of the function and they can be accessed anywhere in the code	exist outside any function. initialized automatically to zero and accessible anywhere in the code file.
2	1	global variables	variables and constants that are known to the entire program	these can be used in one subroutine and the values passed out to be used in any other part of the program.
2	1	global variables	declared outside of functions and can be used anywhere	exist throughout a program declared before main() function
3	1	global variables	- variables declared outside a function  - global scope - can be used anywhere inside the program in which they were declared	declared outside of functions and can be used anywhere
1	0	global variables	these can be used in one subroutine and the values passed out to be used in any other part of the program.	variables declared outside any function, and they can be accessed (used) on any function in the program
1	0	global variables	are defined outside of the functions, usually at the beginning of the program, before any functions are defined.	variables and constants that are known to the entire program
0	0	global variables	are defined outside of the functions, usually at the beginning of the program, before any functions are defined.	these can be used in one subroutine and the values passed out to be used in any other part of the program.
0	0	global variables	- variables declared outside a function  - global scope - can be used anywhere inside the program in which they were declared	exist throughout a program declared before main() function
1	0	structural constraints	relate to the body structure of the individual	- height, physical characteristics about the individual, size, strength - determines how actions can be done
1	0	structural constraints	- height, physical characteristics about the individual, size, strength - determines how actions can be done	relate to the individual's body structure
3	1	structural constraints	relate to the body structure of the individual	relate to the individual's body structure
0	0	structural constraints	relate to individual's body structure   examples: height, weight, muscle mass, leg length	- height, physical characteristics about the individual, size, strength - determines how actions can be done
1	0	classification methods	seek to classify a categorical outcome into one of two or more categories based on various data attributes.	information regarding presence or absence of attribute or characteristic
0	0	classification methods	hand-coded rules supervised machine learning	decision tree, logistic regression, random forest, adaboost, neural net, svm
1	0	classification methods	hand-coded rules supervised machine learning	-desicion tree -bayesian -rule based -back propagation
1	0	classification methods	-desicion tree -bayesian -rule based -back propagation	decision tree, logistic regression, random forest, adaboost, neural net, svm
3	1	intrusion detection systems	designed to monitor attempts to login to servers and analyze those attempts for patterns that might indicate a cracker's attack is underway	a part of a firewall that monitors attempts to log in to servers and analyzes those attempts for patterns that might indicate a cracker's attack is under way
1	0	intrusion detection systems	sit on the network and monitor traffic searching for signs of potential malicious activity like  -intrusion detection -malformed packets attempting to create a denial of service -botnet -unusual logins	a system that creates logs of all network traffic that was permitted to pass the firewall and then analyzes those logs for signs of attempted or successful intrusions
0	0	search strategy	an organized plan for locating and accessing sources of information in bibliographic research	- categorization of the ultimate question prompts resource selection - resources must be selected on the basis of the probability of containing information or data desired
1	0	search strategy	an organized plan for locating and accessing sources of information in bibliographic research	information obtained from background questions - categorization of the question • order: tertiary (3°) &gt; secondary (2°) &gt; primary (1°)
2	1	search strategy	the the search algorithm's decision of which node to next.	the process of expanding nodes on the frontier until either a solution is found or there are no more states to expand
1	0	search strategy	- categorization of the ultimate question prompts resource selection - resources must be selected on the basis of the probability of containing information or data desired	- define the research question (gaps in literature, misery!)  - inclusion and exclusion criteria
0	0	search strategy	an organized plan for locating and accessing sources of information in bibliographic research	- define the research question (gaps in literature, misery!)  - inclusion and exclusion criteria
0	0	search strategy	the process of expanding nodes on the frontier until either a solution is found or there are no more states to expand	choosing what state to expand next
0	0	search strategy	- categorization of the ultimate question prompts resource selection - resources must be selected on the basis of the probability of containing information or data desired	information obtained from background questions - categorization of the question • order: tertiary (3°) &gt; secondary (2°) &gt; primary (1°)
3	1	search strategy	the the search algorithm's decision of which node to next.	a strategy is defined by picking the order of node expansion
2	1	search strategy	the the search algorithm's decision of which node to next.	choosing what state to expand next
1	0	search strategy	a strategy is defined by picking the order of node expansion	the process of expanding nodes on the frontier until either a solution is found or there are no more states to expand
1	0	search strategy	- define the research question (gaps in literature, misery!)  - inclusion and exclusion criteria	information obtained from background questions - categorization of the question • order: tertiary (3°) &gt; secondary (2°) &gt; primary (1°)
1	0	semantic knowledge	factual knowledge &"verbal info&"	encompasses the reader's background knowledge of a topic, which is combined with the text information as the reader tries to comprehend the material.
1	0	semantic knowledge	knowledge of the meanings of words and word combinations.	knowledge of the meaning of words; facts; includes common knowledge like colors and sounds of letters
0	0	semantic knowledge	ability to attend to, store and recall information	knowledge of the meaning of words; facts; includes common knowledge like colors and sounds of letters
0	0	semantic knowledge	the collection of nodes associated with all the words and concepts one knows about	ability to attend to, store and recall information
2	1	semantic knowledge	the collection of nodes associated with all the words and concepts one knows about	knowledge of the meaning of words; facts; includes common knowledge like colors and sounds of letters
0	0	semantic knowledge	ability to attend to, store and recall information	knowledge of the meanings of words and word combinations.
2	1	semantic knowledge	the collection of nodes associated with all the words and concepts one knows about	knowledge of the meanings of words and word combinations.
0	0	conflict resolution	societies find solutions to conflicts through legal procedures, force and/or compromise	skills that help students learn how to state their needs, negotiate, and collaborate.
2	1	conflict resolution	a process that encourages finding solutions to problems before more formal grievance procedures are needed	methods and processes involved in facilitating the peaceful ending of conflict and retribution.
0	0	conflict resolution	are steps that can be taken to settle a disagreement in a responsible way	assertive: explaining ones idea's and beliefs without harming others  aggressive: forcing ones position on others without allowing for their input  unassertive: suppressing one's own feelings
1	0	conflict resolution	societies find solutions to conflicts through legal procedures, force and/or compromise	a way for two or more parties to find a peaceful solution to a disagreement among them. the disagreement may be personal, financial, political, or emotional.
0	0	conflict resolution	2 dimensions:  - concern for own outcomes - concern for others' outcomes	assertive vs unassertive (concern for  own  outcome)  uncooperative vs cooperative (concern for  others  outcomes)
1	0	conflict resolution	the outcome of actions that eliminate the incompatibility of goals, interests and attitudes of the conflicting individuals	a strategy for settling disputes and solving problems between people in a way that is fair to everyone.
1	0	conflict resolution	the process of setting a conflict by cooperating and problem solving	a process that encourages finding solutions to problems before more formal grievance procedures are needed
1	0	conflict resolution	the process of consensus arrived at after discussion of a disagreement between people	ending conflict after it has started: - use the appropriate technique - problem-solving - consensus - focus on issues not personalities
0	0	conflict resolution	-provide clear, ongoing, honest communication -allow time for family members to express themselves -agree on a treatment -emphasize that patient will not be abandoned -facilitate continuity of care	steps of conflict resolution include   determining facts,  identify problem,  ask for suggestions from those involved determine solution,  evaluate results,  evaluate conflict resolution
2	1	conflict resolution	the process of setting a conflict by cooperating and problem solving	methods and processes involved in facilitating the peaceful ending of conflict and retribution.
0	0	conflict resolution	a way for two or more parties to find a peaceful solution to a disagreement among them. the disagreement may be personal, financial, political, or emotional.	skills that help students learn how to state their needs, negotiate, and collaborate.
1	0	conflict resolution	a range of processes aimed at alleviating or eliminating sources of conflict; generally includes negotiation, mediation, and diplomacy	conflict is inevitable, task of a manager is to minimize harmful effects of conflict (not to suppress)
0	0	conflict resolution	1)highest priority  2)longest matching / more specific  3)facts most recently added	a method to choose a rule to fire when more than one conclusions can be inferred from known facts
2	1	conflict resolution	a dynamic process for resolving disputes or disagreements	resolving conflicts and disagreements
0	0	conflict resolution	directs individuals to see similarities and differences that exist and lead to focus on reducing and eliminating difference to accomplish goals	-provide clear, ongoing, honest communication -allow time for family members to express themselves -agree on a treatment -emphasize that patient will not be abandoned -facilitate continuity of care
1	0	conflict resolution	are steps that can be taken to settle a disagreement in a responsible way	the outcome of actions that eliminate the incompatibility of goals, interests and attitudes of the conflicting individuals
2	1	business intelligence	a collection of information that allows you to make strategic business decisions	applications, technologies and processes to make better business decisions. presents data in interesting ways with advanced reports and visuals to help managers make better decisions.
3	1	business intelligence	understanding internal capabilities; any combination of data, information, and knowledge concerning the business environment in which a company operates that will confer a significant competitive advantage	any combination of data, information and knowledge concerning business environment in which a company operates that confers significant competitive advantages
3	1	business intelligence	applications and technologies that are used to gather, provide access to, and analyze data and information to support decision-making efforts	applications, technologies and processes that are used to gather, store, provide access to, and analyze information to support decision-making
1	0	business intelligence	encompasses a broad category of applications, technologies, and processes for gathering, accessing, and analyzing data to help business users make better decisions	activities and technologies for gathering, storing, and analyzing data to make better competitive decisions
3	1	business intelligence	analyzing large amounts of data for strategic decision making. there are two main business intelligence techniques: online analytical processing (olap) and data mining.	analyzing large amounts of data for strategic decision making  two techniques: olap and data mining
3	1	business intelligence	analyzing large amounts of data for strategic decision making  two techniques: olap and data mining	analyzing large amounts of data for strategic decision making; includes online analytical processing and data mining
3	1	business intelligence	info collected from multiple sources such as suppliers customers competitors partners industries and market conditions that are analyzed to find patterns trends and relationships for strategic decision making	information collected from multiple sources (suppliers, customers, competitors, industry sources) that analyze patterns, trends and relationships for strategic decision making
3	1	business intelligence	information collected from multiple sources such as suppliers, customers, competitors, partners and patterns, trends, and relationships for strategic decision making.	information collected from multiple sources (suppliers, customers, competitors, industry sources) that analyze patterns, trends and relationships for strategic decision making
2	1	business intelligence	an umbrella term that combines architecture tools, databases, analytical tools, applications, and methodologies it's a content free expression, so it means different things to different people	an umbrella term that combines architectures, tools, data-bases, analytical tools, applications, and methodologies with main objective to enable interactive to data.
0	0	business intelligence	captures and processes business data to generate information that supports decision making.	a comprehensive approach to capture and process business data
0	0	business intelligence	umbrella term that includes the applications, infrastructure and tools, and best practice that enable access to and analysis of information to improve and optimize decisions and performance	concepts, practices, tools, and techniques to help business understand its core capabilities, provide snapshots of the company situation, and identify key opportunities to create competitive advantage
2	1	business intelligence	using a data warehouse for strategic decision making   2 types: online analytical processing and data mining	analyzing large amounts of data for strategic decision making. these are two main techniques for business intelligence  - online analytical processing  -data mining
2	1	business intelligence	encompasses a broad category of applications, technologies, and processes for gathering, accessing, and analyzing data to help business users make better decisions	set of applications, technologies, and processes for gathering, storing, analyzing, and accessing data to help users make better business decisions
1	0	business intelligence	information technology that provides valuable information and knowledge by leveraging a variety of data sources	providing decision makers with valuable information and knowledge by leveraging a variety of sources of data, as well as structured and unstructured information.
2	1	business intelligence	applications, technologies and processes that are used to gather, store, provide access to, and analyze information to support decision-making	the term used to describe the infrastructure, data, and software tools that help to analyze, organize, and control access to data to enable more informed decisions.
3	1	business intelligence	analyzing large amounts of data for strategic decision making. there are two main business intelligence techniques: online analytical processing (olap) and data mining.	analyzing large amounts of data for strategic decision making. there are two main techniques: online analytical processing (olap) data mining
1	0	business intelligence	information gathered from multiple sources that analyze patterns, trends, and relationships to strengthen the decision making process.	o information systems that process operational and other data to identify patterns, relationships, and trends for use by business professionals and other knowledge workers.
2	1	business intelligence	a set of technologies and processes that use data to understand, analyze, and improve business performance. lower level than ba	the set of technologies and processes that use data to understand and analyze business performance.
2	1	business intelligence	analyzing large amounts of data for strategic decision making. there are two techniques used: online analytical processing and data mining	analyzing large amounts of data for strategic decision making. these are two main techniques for business intelligence  - online analytical processing  -data mining
1	0	business intelligence	provides a framework for analyzing decision support data and presenting generated information to end users to support business decisions	provides a framework for making business decisions that generate more data
2	1	business intelligence	computer-based techniques used in spotting, digging-out, and analyzing 'hard' business data	computer based skills used in analyzing hard business data.
2	1	business intelligence	the user-centered process o exploring data, data relationships and trends - helping to improve overall decision making for enterprises	describes processes and  procedures for systematically gathering, storing, analyzing, and providing access to data to help enterprises in making better operative and strategic business  decisions.
3	1	business intelligence	information collected from multiple sources such as suppliers, customers, competitors, partners and patterns, trends, and relationships for strategic decision making.	info collected from multiple sources such as suppliers customers competitors partners industries and market conditions that are analyzed to find patterns trends and relationships for strategic decision making
2	1	business intelligence	the process of using operational and other data to create information that exposes patterns, relationships, and trends of importance to the organization.	o information systems that process operational and other data to identify patterns, relationships, and trends for use by business professionals and other knowledge workers.
1	0	business intelligence	umbrella term that includes the applications, infrastructure and tools, and best practice that enable access to and analysis of information to improve and optimize decisions and performance	provide easy access to data to provide business managers with the ability to conduct analysis  transform data into information then into decisions then into action
3	1	business intelligence	information that people use to support their decision-making efforts; solution to the data rich, info poor	describes information that people use to support their decision-making efforts
3	1	business intelligence	information collected from multiple sources (suppliers, customers, competitors, industry sources) that analyze patterns, trends and relationships for strategic decision making	information collected from multiple sources such as suppliers, customers, competitors, partners, and industries that analyzes patterns, trends, and relationships for strategic business decision making
0	0	business intelligence	the integration of statistical and analytical tools with decision support technologies to facilitate complex analysis of data by decision makers	concepts, practices, tools, and techniques to help business understand its core capabilities, provide snapshots of the company situation, and identify key opportunities to create competitive advantage
0	0	business intelligence	quickly analyse and determine status of business enterprises   presents huge amounts collected data in meaningful and actionable way  support quick and better decision making	recommendations/charts based on historical information that does not really manipulate data to be able to make actionable insights.
3	1	business intelligence	captures and processes business data to generate information that supports decision making.	comprehensive approach to capture and process business data w/purpose of generating information to support business decision making
3	1	business intelligence	analyzing large amounts of data for strategic decision making. there are two techniques used: online analytical processing and data mining	using a data warehouse for strategic decision making   2 types: online analytical processing and data mining
0	0	business intelligence	an assortment of software applications used to analyze and organizations raw data and changes the data into significant and meaningful information that helps an organizations make better decisions	the subset of data and information that actually has some explanatory power enabling effective decisions to be made
3	1	business intelligence	applications and technologies that are used to gather, provide access to, and analyze data and information to support decision-making efforts	the term used to describe the infrastructure, data, and software tools that help to analyze, organize, and control access to data to enable more informed decisions.
1	0	business intelligence	a technology-driven process for analyzing data and presenting useful information to help executives, managers and other end users make informed business decisions	combination of systems that help aggregate, access, + analyze business data + assist in business decision making process
0	0	business intelligence	provide easy access to data to provide business managers with the ability to conduct analysis  transform data into information then into decisions then into action	concepts, practices, tools, and techniques to help business understand its core capabilities, provide snapshots of the company situation, and identify key opportunities to create competitive advantage
2	1	business intelligence	information technology that provides valuable information and knowledge by leveraging a variety of data sources	using information technology to gather information and knowledge by leveraging data sources
3	1	business intelligence	information collected from multiple sources such as suppliers, customers, competitors, partners and patterns, trends, and relationships for strategic decision making.	information collected from multiple sources such as suppliers, customers, competitors, partners, and industries that analyzes patterns, trends, and relationships for strategic business decision making
3	1	business intelligence	analyzing large amounts of data for strategic decision making. there are two main business intelligence techniques: online analytical processing (olap) and data mining.	analyzing large amounts of data for strategic decision making; includes online analytical processing and data mining
0	0	business intelligence	applications, technologies and processes to make better business decisions. presents data in interesting ways with advanced reports and visuals to help managers make better decisions.	combination of systems that help aggregate, access, + analyze business data + assist in business decision making process
2	1	business intelligence	analyzing large amounts of data for strategic decision making  using data warehouses	using a data warehouse for strategic decision making
3	1	business intelligence	umbrella term that combines architectures, tools, data-bases, analytical tools, applications, and methodologies. its main objective is to enable interactive access (sometimes in real time) to data.	an umbrella term that combines architectures, tools, data-bases, analytical tools, applications, and methodologies with main objective to enable interactive to data.
3	1	business intelligence	info collected from multiple sources such as suppliers customers competitors partners industries and market conditions that are analyzed to find patterns trends and relationships for strategic decision making	information collected from multiple sources such as suppliers, customers, competitors, partners, and industries that analyzes patterns, trends, and relationships for strategic business decision making
3	1	business intelligence	analyzing large amounts of data for strategic decision making. there are two main techniques: online analytical processing (olap) data mining	analyzing large amounts of data for strategic decision making; includes online analytical processing and data mining
3	1	business intelligence	a broad category of applications, technologies and processes for gathering, storing, accessing and analysing data to help business users make better decisions.	set of applications, technologies, and processes for gathering, storing, analyzing, and accessing data to help users make better business decisions
3	1	business intelligence	umbrella term that combines architectures, tools, databases, analytical tools, applications. objective is to enable easy access and transform data	an umbrella term that combines architectures, tools, data-bases, analytical tools, applications, and methodologies with main objective to enable interactive to data.
3	1	business intelligence	analyzing large amounts of data for strategic decision making  two techniques: olap and data mining	analyzing large amounts of data for strategic decision making. there are two main techniques: online analytical processing (olap) data mining
1	0	business intelligence	analyzing large amounts of data for strategic decision making. it is a component (subset) of knowledge management.	dta analytics and predictive modeling used to gain insight from data to improve quaility of biz decisions
3	1	business intelligence	a broad category of applications, technologies and processes for gathering, storing, accessing and analysing data to help business users make better decisions.	encompasses a broad category of applications, technologies, and processes for gathering, accessing, and analyzing data to help business users make better decisions
1	0	business intelligence	information gathered from multiple sources that analyze patterns, trends, and relationships to strengthen the decision making process.	the process of using operational and other data to create information that exposes patterns, relationships, and trends of importance to the organization.
3	1	mutual exclusion	only one thread can enter a critical section at a time	guarantees that only a single thread ever enters the critical section
2	1	mutual exclusion	gain exclusive access to a shared resource; only one thread of control can operate upon that resource at a time - multiple threads of control are serialized.	messages and delay are necessary to get granted the permission to access the resource (this means entering the critical section) or to release the permission (exiting it)
3	1	mutual exclusion	only allowing one process to access a shared-resource at a time.	there is a set of processes and only one of them is able to access a given resource or perform a given function at any time.
2	1	mutual exclusion	1. only one process at a time can use a resource(hardware/software)   2. simultaneous actions may lead to one action being incomplete.	class of safety problems that deal with using a shared resource, and characterizing behaviors in which two processes never access the shared resource at the same time.
1	0	mutual exclusion	messages and delay are necessary to get granted the permission to access the resource (this means entering the critical section) or to release the permission (exiting it)	there is a set of processes and only one of them is able to access a given resource or perform a given function at any time.
2	1	mutual exclusion	can be used to avoid a race condition.  --&gt; find a way to prevent one process from accessing some shared data, while another process is already using it	class of safety problems that deal with using a shared resource, and characterizing behaviors in which two processes never access the shared resource at the same time.
1	0	mutual exclusion	messages and delay are necessary to get granted the permission to access the resource (this means entering the critical section) or to release the permission (exiting it)	only allowing one process to access a shared-resource at a time.
0	0	functional dependencies	derived from real world constraints and used with keys to define normal forms of relations	attribute that is dependent upon at least one other attribute.
0	0	functional dependencies	is a relationship that exists when one attribute uniquely determines another attribute	a trait that may appear between attribute types that states that one attribute's value implies another's
1	0	functional dependencies	is a relationship that exists when one attribute uniquely determines another attribute	a means of expressing that the value of one particular attribute is associated with a single, specific value of another attribute
1	0	functional dependencies	a means of expressing that the value of one particular attribute is associated with a single, specific value of another attribute	a trait that may appear between attribute types that states that one attribute's value implies another's
2	1	knowledge base	represents facts and rules.	(1st component of expert systems) - stores data, rules, cases, and relationships - rules (if then else)
2	1	knowledge base	the set of rules that expert systems use to model human knowledge	expert systems model human knowledge as set if rules
0	0	knowledge base	central or distributed electronic environment to capture and store data and information.	contains data, rules, procedures, and relationships used by expert system
0	0	knowledge base	1) stores  expert's knowledge(fb,rb) 2) holds  highly specialized knowledge,specific for a given domain 3) large  set of rules	represents the organised storage of knowledge with or without the use of computers. facilitates in accessing knowledge whenever required contains rules, principles, theories, best practices etc manages through computers
1	0	knowledge base	database helps collect and organize the information and develop relationships among information components.	a database of help information usually related to a specific subject
0	0	knowledge base	sets of hundreds of rules through the rule base in an expert system by forward or backward chaining	this is a set of facts about a domain, coded in rules, that are often supplied by an expert and coded by a knowledge engineer.
1	0	knowledge base	represents the organised storage of knowledge with or without the use of computers. facilitates in accessing knowledge whenever required contains rules, principles, theories, best practices etc manages through computers	facts and rules about a certain domain of interest.
0	0	knowledge base	sets of hundreds of rules through the rule base in an expert system by forward or backward chaining	a set of general facts and if then rules supplied by an expert.
1	0	knowledge base	this is required to mimic human memory and experience in ai technology	represents the organised storage of knowledge with or without the use of computers. facilitates in accessing knowledge whenever required contains rules, principles, theories, best practices etc manages through computers
2	1	knowledge base	1) stores  expert's knowledge(fb,rb) 2) holds  highly specialized knowledge,specific for a given domain 3) large  set of rules	a place for an organization to store and organize its knowledge (usually a database or software program)
0	0	knowledge base	the amount of information a person or medium knows that often expands over time with the addition of new information.	contains data, rules, procedures, and relationships used by expert system
0	0	knowledge base	database helps collect and organize the information and develop relationships among information components.	the amount of information a person or medium knows that often expands over time with the addition of new information.
0	0	knowledge base	knowledge management systems use these large databases that allow users to find information by keyword or phrases	a popular systems development technique that uses a group of users, managers, and it professionals that work together to gather information, discuss business needs, and define the new system requirements.
2	1	knowledge base	knowledge management systems use these large databases that allow users to find information by keyword or phrases	allows users to find information by entering keywords or questions in normal english phrases
3	1	knowledge base	model of human knowledge that expert systems use.	expert systems model human knowledge as set if rules
2	1	knowledge base	stores all relevant information, data, rules, cases, and relationships that the expert system uses	contains data, rules, procedures, and relationships used by expert system
0	0	knowledge base	an organized collection of information, articles, procedures, tips, and solutions to existing problems that can serve as a resource in a problem-solving situation.	a collection of accumulated insights and solutions to the problems encountered on a particular network.
3	1	knowledge base	part of an expert system that contains expert knowledge and accumulated experience in a particular field.	the collection of facts and rules obtained from experts that are incorporated into an expert system.
0	0	knowledge base	stores all relevant information, data, rules, cases, and relationships that the expert system uses	the amount of information a person or medium knows that often expands over time with the addition of new information.
2	1	knowledge base	part of an expert system that contains expert knowledge and accumulated experience in a particular field.	contains the rules known by an expert system.
2	1	knowledge base	the collection of data, rules, procedures, and relationships that must be followed to achieve value or the proper outcome	stores all relevant information, data, rules, cases, and relationships that the expert system uses
0	0	knowledge base	database helps collect and organize the information and develop relationships among information components.	the collection of data, rules, procedures, and relationships that must be followed to achieve value or the proper outcome
2	1	knowledge base	a place for an organization to store and organize its knowledge (usually a database or software program)	represents the organised storage of knowledge with or without the use of computers. facilitates in accessing knowledge whenever required contains rules, principles, theories, best practices etc manages through computers
3	1	knowledge base	model of human knowledge that expert systems use.	the set of rules that expert systems use to model human knowledge
1	0	knowledge base	central or distributed electronic environment to capture and store data and information.	stores all relevant information, data, rules, cases, and relationships that the expert system uses
0	0	knowledge base	central or distributed electronic environment to capture and store data and information.	the amount of information a person or medium knows that often expands over time with the addition of new information.
0	0	knowledge base	database helps collect and organize the information and develop relationships among information components.	contains data, rules, procedures, and relationships used by expert system
2	1	knowledge base	area of an expert system where all facts about the knowledge domain are stored.	a set facts known to an expert system.
2	1	knowledge base	1) stores  expert's knowledge(fb,rb) 2) holds  highly specialized knowledge,specific for a given domain 3) large  set of rules	facts and rules about a certain domain of interest.
2	1	knowledge base	knowledge management systems use these large databases that allow users to find information by keyword or phrases	a large database that allows users to find information by clicking menus, typing keywords, or entering text questions in normal phrases
1	0	knowledge base	central or distributed electronic environment to capture and store data and information.	the collection of data, rules, procedures, and relationships that must be followed to achieve value or the proper outcome
0	0	knowledge base	central or distributed electronic environment to capture and store data and information.	database helps collect and organize the information and develop relationships among information components.
0	0	knowledge base	stores all relevant information, data, rules, cases, and relationships that the expert system uses	a database of help information usually related to a specific subject
0	0	knowledge base	central or distributed electronic environment to capture and store data and information.	a database of help information usually related to a specific subject
1	0	knowledge base	this is required to mimic human memory and experience in ai technology	facts and rules about a certain domain of interest.
3	1	knowledge base	used by an es, collection of facts and relationships among them, uses an inference engine and is built as a series of if-then rules	used by an es, the collection of facts and relationships among them (built as a series of if-then rules)
0	0	knowledge base	database helps collect and organize the information and develop relationships among information components.	stores all relevant information, data, rules, cases, and relationships that the expert system uses
0	0	knowledge base	a body of knowledge in a particular area that makes it easier to master new information in that area	is one's existing information about a topic or content area
3	1	knowledge base	the facts and rules are incorporated into a knowledge base which is stored in a computer file and can be manipulated by software called an inference engine	stored information and rules which are used to solve problems. a knowledge base is stored in a computer file and utilised by the inference engine
2	1	knowledge base	allows users to find information by entering keywords or questions in normal english phrases	a large database that allows users to find information by clicking menus, typing keywords, or entering text questions in normal phrases
0	0	knowledge base	the amount of information a person or medium knows that often expands over time with the addition of new information.	a database of help information usually related to a specific subject
1	0	knowledge base	the collection of data, rules, procedures, and relationships that must be followed to achieve value or the proper outcome	contains data, rules, procedures, and relationships used by expert system
3	1	cache size	data storage inside cpu, large cache size means that more data can be stored for quick access.	more cache = faster access to more data = better performance
1	0	cache size	gives the cpu faster access to more data	cache is data storage inside the cpu that's much faster than ram. a larger cache means the cpu can access frequently used data faster.
2	1	cache size	the bigger the cache, the more frequently used data can be stored for fast access	more space for frequently used instructions / data, more storage for very fast access, faster fetching of instructions, faster processing
1	0	cache size	more space for frequently used instructions / data, more storage for very fast access, faster fetching of instructions, faster processing	data storage inside cpu, large cache size means that more data can be stored for quick access.
2	1	cache size	the bigger the cache, the more frequently used data can be stored for fast access	data storage inside cpu, large cache size means that more data can be stored for quick access.
3	1	cache size	the bigger the cache, the more frequently used data can be stored for fast access	more cache = faster access to more data = better performance
2	1	hierarchical organization	large, general categories can be further divided into smaller, more specific categories -subordinate (global) -basic -subordinate (specific)	larger, more general categories are divided into smaller, more specific categories, creating a number of levels of categories
0	0	hierarchical organization	categorized by a clearly defined home page with links to major site sections.	a document organization style that flows from top to bottom; information is arranged from general to specific; online help systems are an example.
3	1	hierarchical organization	larger, more general categories are divided into smaller, more specific categories, creating a number of levels of categories	organization of categories in which larger, more general categories are divided into smaller, more specific categories.
2	1	hierarchical organization	an organization where every entity is subordinate to one another, except one.	organizational structure where every entity in the organization, except one, is subordinate to a single other entity
2	1	hierarchical organization	clearly defined home page with links to major site sections/pages within sections are placed as needed.	categorized by a clearly defined home page with links to major site sections.
0	0	hierarchical organization	clearly defined home page with links to major site sections/pages within sections are placed as needed.	a document organization style that flows from top to bottom; information is arranged from general to specific; online help systems are an example.
0	0	hierarchical organization	most websites use this; characterized by a clearly defined home page with links to major site sections; web pages within sections are placed as needed	a document organization style that flows from top to bottom; information is arranged from general to specific; online help systems are an example.
0	0	hierarchical organization	kingdom, phylum, class, order, family, genus, species.	domain, kingdom, genus, species..
1	0	hierarchical organization	most websites use this; characterized by a clearly defined home page with links to major site sections; web pages within sections are placed as needed	categorized by a clearly defined home page with links to major site sections.
3	1	hierarchical organization	large, general categories can be further divided into smaller, more specific categories -subordinate (global) -basic -subordinate (specific)	organization of categories in which larger, more general categories are divided into smaller, more specific categories.
1	0	software architecture	this specifies the major components of a system along with their responsibilities, properties and interfaces, and the relationships and interactions among them.	the set of structures needed to reason about the system, which comprise software elements, relations among them, and properties of both.
1	0	software architecture	the high level structures of a software system and the discipline of creating such structures and systems	understanding how a software system should be organized and designing the overall structure of that system
0	0	software architecture	includes systems decomposition, global control flow, handling of boundary conditions, and intersubsystem communication protocols	- system decomposition - subsystem mapping to hardware - policy decisions  - control flow  - access control  - data storage
1	0	software architecture	-enable communication among stakeholders -clarify design decisions with tradeoffs  (due to complex and difficult nonfunctional requirements and architecture change in later processes)	a set of high-level decisions that determine the structure of the solution
1	0	software architecture	comprehensive framework that describes its form and structure, its components and how they fit together	- describes the most important structures of the software system - identifies software system's components and connectors - defines relationships between these elements
3	1	software architecture	the overall structure of the software	the structure of a software system - like blueprint
1	0	software architecture	-describes the important structures of the software system -your most high level design decisions about the system -identifies software system's components and connectors	understanding how a software system should be organized and designing the overall structure of that system
1	0	software architecture	the set of principle design decisions about the system- a subset of all design decisions are architecture decisions but a fine line separates	the set of principle design decisions made during the development of the system and its subsequent evolution
3	1	software architecture	the set of structures needed to reason about the system, which comprise software elements, relations among them, and properties of both.	is the structure or structures of a system, which comprise elements, their externally-visible properties, and the relationships among them
2	1	software architecture	most high-level decisions, set of principle design decisions about the system	decisions, principles, and visions that lead to the design
2	1	probability density function	an equation graph used to compute probabilities associated with continuous random variables	probability distribution of a continuous random variable (probability of an individual is 0)
2	1	probability density function	a function that provides the likelihood that a continuous random variable will assume a particular range of values	probability that a continuous random variable falls within a particular range of values
2	1	probability density function	are mathematical functions that allow us to calculate probabilities of different outcomes in the context of working with random variables	a mathematical function that allows us to calculate probabilities of different outcomes in the context of working with random variables. probability density functions determine theoretical frequency distributions.
1	0	probability density function	a function used to compute probabilities for a continuous random variable; the area under the graph of this function over an interval of equal length	for a continuous random variable, the distribution of its probability model, shown with a curve
0	0	probability density function	a mathematical function that allows us to calculate probabilities of different outcomes in the context of working with random variables. probability density functions determine theoretical frequency distributions.	a continuous probability distribution. the probability is interpreted as a &" area under the curve.&"
0	0	probability density function	denoted f(x), a function that can be used to generate the probability that outcomes of a continuous distribution lie within a particular range of outcomes. (15)	a mathematical function that allows us to calculate probabilities of different outcomes in the context of working with random variables. probability density functions determine theoretical frequency distributions.
1	0	probability density function	a function used to compute probabilities for a continuous random variable; the area under the graph of this function over an interval of equal length	an equation graph used to compute probabilities associated with continuous random variables
0	0	probability density function	are mathematical functions that allow us to calculate probabilities of different outcomes in the context of working with random variables	denoted f(x), a function that can be used to generate the probability that outcomes of a continuous distribution lie within a particular range of outcomes. (15)
2	1	probability density function	are mathematical functions that allow us to calculate probabilities of different outcomes in the context of working with random variables	a continuous probability distribution. the probability is interpreted as a &" area under the curve.&"
2	1	probability density function	a function used to compute probabilities for a continuous random variable; the area under the graph of this function over an interval of equal length	probability distribution of a continuous random variable (probability of an individual is 0)
1	0	probability density function	the probability that a random variable falls in a certain range can be regarded as the area under the curve under the pdf graph.	function that quantifies the probability of a random event, x, occurring; the type of probability distribution function that deals with continuous variables.
3	1	probability density function	denoted f(x), a function that can be used to generate the probability that outcomes of a continuous distribution lie within a particular range of outcomes. (15)	the mathematical function that describes a continuous probability distribution. it is represented by f(x).
2	1	probability density function	an equation graph used to compute probabilities associated with continuous random variables	for a continuous random variable, the distribution of its probability model, shown with a curve
0	0	probability density function	the mathematical function that describes a continuous probability distribution. it is represented by f(x).	a continuous probability distribution. the probability is interpreted as a &" area under the curve.&"
1	0	probability density function	used during naive bayes for numeric attributes so they can be used to find probability	necessary in the naive bayes algorithm because the probability of a real number exactly equaling another number is effectively zero.
0	0	probability density function	specifies the probability that a continuous random variable x takes on the value x  known as pdf	a continuous random variable x takes on a value in the interval [a,b] = area under graph of probability density function
3	1	probability density function	a function that provides the likelihood that a continuous random variable will assume a particular range of values	the probability density function provides the probability that a continuous random variable falls within a particular range of values.
3	1	probability density function	a probability function for a continuous random variable	the function that describes the probability distribution of a continuous random variable.
1	0	probability density function	are mathematical functions that allow us to calculate probabilities of different outcomes in the context of working with random variables	the mathematical function that describes a continuous probability distribution. it is represented by f(x).
0	0	empirical analysis	analyzing data from experiments or observation	gathering data, usually to test some theory. we do not only use deductive logic when looking at research questions. applied settings will lead to inductive
2	1	empirical analysis	analyzing data from experiments or observation	analysis that uses analysis and observations to create testable theories
0	0	empirical analysis	gathering data, usually to test some theory. we do not only use deductive logic when looking at research questions. applied settings will lead to inductive	analysis that uses analysis and observations to create testable theories
1	0	empirical analysis	empirical analysis of an algorithm is done by implementing the algorithm and running it on different inputs	analysis that uses analysis and observations to create testable theories
0	0	empirical analysis	empirical analysis of an algorithm is done by implementing the algorithm and running it on different inputs	gathering data, usually to test some theory. we do not only use deductive logic when looking at research questions. applied settings will lead to inductive
0	0	empirical analysis	empirical analysis of an algorithm is done by implementing the algorithm and running it on different inputs	analyzing data from experiments or observation
2	1	graphical user interface	a visual user interface using items such as windows, icons, and menus	uses graphical elements such as icons and windows
0	0	graphical user interface	an interface that uses a visual way of interacting with a computer using items such as windows, icons, and menus.	using a mouse to click on icons, buttons, and menus
2	1	graphical user interface	an interface that uses a visual way of interacting with a computer using items such as windows, icons, and menus.	a visual way of interacting with a computer using items such as windows, icons, and menus, used by most modern operating systems.
2	1	graphical user interface	a visual way of interacting with a computer using items such as windows, icons, and menus, used by most modern operating systems.	interacts with the software using text, graphics, and visual images such as icons
1	0	graphical user interface	visual; icons, menus, windows, pointers; easy, intuitive; high processing/capacity, slower	allows the user to interact with the computer using icons or pictures.
2	1	graphical user interface	software that lets the user interact with a program or operating system through images and point-and-click mechanisms such as buttons and text fields	unlike the command- and menu-driven interfaces used in earlier software, guis display graphics and use the point-and-click technology of the mouse and cursor, making them much more user friendly.
0	0	graphical user interface	visual; icons, menus, windows, pointers; easy, intuitive; high processing/capacity, slower	interacts with the software using text, graphics, and visual images such as icons
1	0	graphical user interface	an interface that uses graphics as compared with a command-driven interface	computer interface that shows graphical representations of file structures, files and applications in the form of folders, icons, and windows
2	1	graphical user interface	allows the user to interact with a computer using pictures and icons	are sometimes also referred to as wimp because they use windows, icons, menus and pointers
1	0	graphical user interface	provided by windows and macintosh operating system. considered to be easiest to learn. the information and actions available to a user through graphical icons and visual indicators	operating system that provides visual cues such as icon symbols to help the user
2	1	graphical user interface	a method of controlling software using onscreen icons, menus, dialog boxes, and objects that can be moved or resized, usually with a pointing device such as a mouse.	computer interface that shows graphical representations of file structures, files and applications in the form of folders, icons, and windows
2	1	graphical user interface	typically displays a schema to the user in a diagram form. user can then specify a query by using a mouse	operating system that provides visual cues such as icon symbols to help the user
1	0	graphical user interface	computer interface that shows graphical representations of file structures, files and applications in the form of folders, icons, and windows	the point and click interface used on computers today
2	1	graphical user interface	display graphical elements called icons to represent familiar objects and a mouse	use of icons, graphical objects, and pointing devices
1	0	graphical user interface	a method of controlling software using onscreen icons, menus, dialog boxes, and objects that can be moved or resized, usually with a pointing device such as a mouse.	unlike the command- and menu-driven interfaces used in earlier software, guis display graphics and use the point-and-click technology of the mouse and cursor, making them much more user friendly.
3	1	graphical user interface	interactive, user-friendly interface in which by using icons and similar objects, the user can control communication with computer.	computer program control functions that are displayed using pictures, icons and other easy-to-use graphical elements
1	0	graphical user interface	a method of controlling software using onscreen icons, menus, dialog boxes, and objects that can be moved or resized, usually with a pointing device such as a mouse.	an interface that uses graphics as compared with a command-driven interface
2	1	graphical user interface	interactive, user-friendly interface in which by using icons and similar objects, the user can control communication with computer.	software that lets the user interact with a program or operating system through images and point-and-click mechanisms such as buttons and text fields
3	1	graphical user interface	an interface that uses a visual way of interacting with a computer using items such as windows, icons, and menus.	interacts with the software using text, graphics, and visual images such as icons
1	0	graphical user interface	a visual way of interacting with a computer using items such as windows, icons, and menus, used by most modern operating systems.	using a mouse to click on icons, buttons, and menus
0	0	graphical user interface	computer program control functions that are displayed using pictures, icons and other easy-to-use graphical elements	unlike the command- and menu-driven interfaces used in earlier software, guis display graphics and use the point-and-click technology of the mouse and cursor, making them much more user friendly.
1	0	graphical user interface	are sometimes also referred to as wimp because they use windows, icons, menus and pointers	system the user controls using a mouse to click on icons, buttons, and windows.
2	1	graphical user interface	uses graphical elements such as icons and windows	gui; user interface that uses icons representing tasks and files instead of a command line interface
2	1	graphical user interface	a method of controlling software using onscreen icons, menus, dialog boxes, and objects that can be moved or resized, usually with a pointing device such as a mouse.	the point and click interface used on computers today
1	0	graphical user interface	uses pictures displayed on the screen to send commands to the computer system	the point and click interface used on computers today
0	0	graphical user interface	visual; icons, menus, windows, pointers; easy, intuitive; high processing/capacity, slower	using a mouse to click on icons, buttons, and menus
3	1	graphical user interface	interacts with the software using text, graphics, and visual images such as icons	allows the user to interact with the computer using icons or pictures.
2	1	graphical user interface	uses pictures displayed on the screen to send commands to the computer system	an interface that uses graphics as compared with a command-driven interface
1	0	graphical user interface	an interface that uses graphics as compared with a command-driven interface	unlike the command- and menu-driven interfaces used in earlier software, guis display graphics and use the point-and-click technology of the mouse and cursor, making them much more user friendly.
2	1	graphical user interface	a visual user interface using items such as windows, icons, and menus	gui; user interface that uses icons representing tasks and files instead of a command line interface
2	1	graphical user interface	provided by windows and macintosh operating system. considered to be easiest to learn. the information and actions available to a user through graphical icons and visual indicators	typically displays a schema to the user in a diagram form. user can then specify a query by using a mouse
0	0	graphical user interface	software that lets the user interact with a program or operating system through images and point-and-click mechanisms such as buttons and text fields	an interface that uses graphics as compared with a command-driven interface
1	0	graphical user interface	allows users to employ a pointing device and visual images to issue commands	the user is in control; the user can use both the mouse and the keyboard and can manipulate many parts of the user interface in any desired order
0	0	graphical user interface	an interface that uses graphics as compared with a command-driven interface	the point and click interface used on computers today
0	0	graphical user interface	uses pictures displayed on the screen to send commands to the computer system	computer interface that shows graphical representations of file structures, files and applications in the form of folders, icons, and windows
0	0	graphical user interface	allows users to interact with electronic devices using images rather than text commands -- requires more hardware -- easier for new people -- easier to transfer	the user is in control; the user can use both the mouse and the keyboard and can manipulate many parts of the user interface in any desired order
3	1	graphical user interface	are sometimes also referred to as wimp because they use windows, icons, menus and pointers	uses windows icons menus and pointers to represent the interface between computer and user
2	1	graphical user interface	operating system that provides visual cues such as icon symbols to help the user	a form of user interface that allows users to interact with electronic devices through graphical icons and visual indicators
2	1	graphical user interface	using a mouse to click on icons, buttons, and menus	allows the user to interact with the computer using icons or pictures.
2	1	graphical user interface	a visual way of interacting with a computer using items such as windows, icons, and menus, used by most modern operating systems.	allows the user to interact with the computer using icons or pictures.
2	1	graphical user interface	gui -provides a visual way for a user to interact with the computer	gui, the way most people interact with computers.
1	0	graphical user interface	visual; icons, menus, windows, pointers; easy, intuitive; high processing/capacity, slower	a visual way of interacting with a computer using items such as windows, icons, and menus, used by most modern operating systems.
2	1	graphical user interface	computer interface that shows graphical representations of file structures, files and applications in the form of folders, icons, and windows	computer program control functions that are displayed using pictures, icons and other easy-to-use graphical elements
2	1	graphical user interface	software that lets the user interact with a program or operating system through images and point-and-click mechanisms such as buttons and text fields	uses pictures displayed on the screen to send commands to the computer system
1	0	graphical user interface	computer interface that shows graphical representations of file structures, files and applications in the form of folders, icons, and windows	unlike the command- and menu-driven interfaces used in earlier software, guis display graphics and use the point-and-click technology of the mouse and cursor, making them much more user friendly.
0	0	graphical user interface	interactive, user-friendly interface in which by using icons and similar objects, the user can control communication with computer.	unlike the command- and menu-driven interfaces used in earlier software, guis display graphics and use the point-and-click technology of the mouse and cursor, making them much more user friendly.
2	1	graphical user interface	software that lets the user interact with a program or operating system through images and point-and-click mechanisms such as buttons and text fields	computer program control functions that are displayed using pictures, icons and other easy-to-use graphical elements
1	0	graphical user interface	visual; icons, menus, windows, pointers; easy, intuitive; high processing/capacity, slower	an interface that uses a visual way of interacting with a computer using items such as windows, icons, and menus.
2	1	graphical user interface	computer program control functions that are displayed using pictures, icons and other easy-to-use graphical elements	the point and click interface used on computers today
1	0	graphical user interface	typically displays a schema to the user in a diagram form. user can then specify a query by using a mouse	a form of user interface that allows users to interact with electronic devices through graphical icons and visual indicators
1	0	graphical user interface	allows the user to interact with a computer using pictures and icons	system the user controls using a mouse to click on icons, buttons, and windows.
1	0	graphical user interface	allows users to interact with electronic devices using images rather than text commands -- requires more hardware -- easier for new people -- easier to transfer	controlling a computer by using a pointing device to access onscreen menus and images.
1	0	graphical user interface	takes advantage of a computer's graphic capabilities to make it easier to use. also known as gui	designed for everyday users as they're visual. they are often wimp based. it's easier to use/simpler, but uses much more systems resources and power and time.
1	0	graphical user interface	interactive, user-friendly interface in which by using icons and similar objects, the user can control communication with computer.	uses pictures displayed on the screen to send commands to the computer system
2	1	graphical user interface	the user is in control; the user can use both the mouse and the keyboard and can manipulate many parts of the user interface in any desired order	controlling a computer by using a pointing device to access onscreen menus and images.
3	1	graphical user interface	uses pictures displayed on the screen to send commands to the computer system	computer program control functions that are displayed using pictures, icons and other easy-to-use graphical elements
1	0	graphical user interface	allows users to employ a pointing device and visual images to issue commands	controlling a computer by using a pointing device to access onscreen menus and images.
1	0	wireless network	wireless or wi-fi networks use radio waves to connect computing devices to other devices and to the internet instead of using wires.	a wireless network is a connection between devices where data is sent through wi-fi (radio waves). it is considerably cheaper than using wires.
2	1	wireless network	a network that communicates through radio waves instead of wires.	-almost same as wired network but uses radio signals rather than ethernet cables to form connections -base stations instead of switch
3	1	wireless network	a type of network connection that uses wireless data to connect network nodes	a network of computers connected using wireless technology, such as wifi, bluetooth, or cellular networks.
3	1	wireless network	a computer network connected without the use of wires or cables	data is transmitted from one device to another without cables or wires
1	0	wireless network	transmission of paketizes data by means of a physical topology that does not use direct physical links  networks that uses radio waves to carry signals	type of network in which data travels through the air
1	0	wireless network	uses radio frequency (rf) waves to enables devices to communicate	achieved using radio waves
3	1	wireless network	wireless or wi-fi networks use radio waves to connect computing devices to other devices and to the internet instead of using wires.	a network that allows connections wirelessly, without using cables. e.g. wifi.
2	1	wireless network	a computer network in which devices communicate with other nodes through a wireless access point.	a network of computers connected using wireless technology, such as wifi, bluetooth, or cellular networks.
2	1	wireless network	a network in which computers and other devices are connected to the network without physical cables; data is typically sent via radio waves	type of network in which data travels through the air
0	0	wireless network	involves simple installations  slower data transfer speed within the lan  inexpensive to set up	-security issues -data transfer speed within the lan can be slower than in wired networks
1	0	wireless network	a network in which computers and other devices are connected to the network without physical cables; data is typically sent via radio waves	uses radio waves or microwaves - consists of wireless nics - may be slower than wired  - limited by signal, location
0	0	wireless network	a network where users can access the internet without the use of fixed cables	easiest to gain access to since not all wireless routers are secure but and protected, so access is open.
3	1	wireless network	a computer network in which devices communicate with other nodes through a wireless access point.	a type of network connection that uses wireless data to connect network nodes
2	1	resource allocation	the distribution of resources among competing groups people or programs	how resources are distributed among the factors of production
0	0	resource allocation	a plan for using available resources like water, oil, workers, etc.	several people may share tge same resources at different times
1	0	resource allocation	the scheduling of activities and the resources required by those activities while taking into consideration both the resource availability and the project time.	identifying resource availability and skill sets, and assigning them to project tasks.
2	1	resource allocation	deciding how society's scarce resources will be divided among competing claims/desires	involves how scarce resources are to be used and the purposes or ends to which they are put.
1	0	resource allocation	this policy outlines how resources are allocated. resources could include staffing, technology, and budgets.	distributing resources among programs to achieve goals
0	0	resource allocation	a plan for using available resources, for example human resources, especially in the near term, to achieve goals for the future	several people may share tge same resources at different times
0	0	resource allocation	a shortcoming of the scheduling procedures covered in previous chapters is that they do not address the issues of resource utilization and availability (i.e., assumption).	occurs when a user opens a program. at that point it is considered a process. the operating system decides which resources will be used to run the selected program.
2	1	resource allocation	the process of an os managing the allocation of resources to multiple jobs.	occurs when a user opens a program. at that point it is considered a process. the operating system decides which resources will be used to run the selected program.
0	0	resource allocation	a shortcoming of the scheduling procedures covered in previous chapters is that they do not address the issues of resource utilization and availability (i.e., assumption).	the process of an os managing the allocation of resources to multiple jobs.
0	0	resource allocation	the way in which a society's productive assets (land, labour, capital, enterprise) are used among their alternative uses	involves how scarce resources are to be used and the purposes or ends to which they are put.
2	1	resource allocation	resources need to be allocated as resources are scarce but wants are infinite	choosing which wants to satisfy and how to satisfy them with the available resources
0	0	application domain	the specific business environment in which the software product to operate	those parts of the real world that are relevant for determining the context of a system.
0	0	resource management	practice - link people with resources policy - development of resources research - identify gaps in delivery systems	using a companies resources in the most efficient way possible, these resources include tangible resources such as, goods and equipment
1	0	resource management	each state must ensure that every locality within the state has access to an acceptable level of emergency care. this requires coordination among different hospitals in the state.	- aims to achieve optimum efficiency by doing these: 1) scheduling processes 2) resolution of conflicts between 2 similar processes
3	1	resource management	practice of harvesting potentially renewable resources in ways that do not deplete them.	strategies to manage and regulate potentially renewable resources
3	1	resource management	using resources without depleting them	is the managing of resource harvesting so that resources are not depleted.
1	0	resource management	systems that coordinate access to multiple execution units, memory allocation, network selection, and persistent storage allocation	essential software in hpc stack that performs resource allocation, workload scheduling, and support for distributed workload execution and monitoring
0	0	resource management	- aims to achieve optimum efficiency by doing these: 1) scheduling processes 2) resolution of conflicts between 2 similar processes	planning and using tools, equipment, personnel, and materials as efficiently as possible while trying to reduce negative environmental impacts and waste
0	0	probabilistic models	some components or data are known with certainty	- model parameters contain uncertainty - based on averages and distributions - provides solutions which are statistical averages
0	0	normal form	the stages of compliance wit the design rules of relational databases. business databases third form	the categorization of relations based on the problems they have
1	0	normal form	- degree of progressive decomposition - the higher the nf, the higher the quality of the schema - target: usually 3nf or bcnf	the normal form of a relation refers to the highest normal form condition that it meets, and hence indicates the degree to which it have been normalized
0	0	normal form	the expression graph contains no redexes, is finite and is acyclic. data constructors are not reducible, so although they look like functions there is no reduction rule	the normal form of a relation refers to the highest normal form condition that it meets, and hence indicates the degree to which it have been normalized
3	1	normal form	-current state of a relation, based on meeting certain rules regarding functional dependencies	a state of a relation that requires that certain rules regarding relationships between attributes (or functional dependencies) are satisfied.
0	0	normal form	condition using keys and fds of a relation to certify whether a relation schema is in a particular normal form	a state of a relation that requires certain rules regarding functional dependencies are satisifies; higher level nf is build upon lower level nf
0	0	normal form	the expression graph contains no redexes, is finite and is acyclic. data constructors are not reducible, so although they look like functions there is no reduction rule	- degree of progressive decomposition - the higher the nf, the higher the quality of the schema - target: usually 3nf or bcnf
0	0	normal form	the expression graph contains no redexes, is finite and is acyclic. data constructors are not reducible, so although they look like functions there is no reduction rule	relations categorized based on which modification anomalies or other problems they're subject to  functional dependencies: 1nf, 2nf, 3nf, bcnf  multivalued dependencies: 4nf
0	0	normal form	relations categorized based on which modification anomalies or other problems they're subject to  functional dependencies: 1nf, 2nf, 3nf, bcnf  multivalued dependencies: 4nf	condition using keys and fds of a relation to certify whether a relation schema is in a particular normal form
0	0	normal form	the expression graph contains no redexes, is finite and is acyclic. data constructors are not reducible, so although they look like functions there is no reduction rule	a state of a relation that requires certain rules regarding functional dependencies are satisifies; higher level nf is build upon lower level nf
3	1	normal form	a set of conditions that a table must satisfy  purpose is to reduce redundancy	term representing a set of particular conditions (whose purpose is reducing data redundancy) that a table has to satisfy
0	0	normal form	the expression graph contains no redexes, is finite and is acyclic. data constructors are not reducible, so although they look like functions there is no reduction rule	condition using keys and fds of a relation to certify whether a relation schema is in a particular normal form
0	0	normal form	- degree of progressive decomposition - the higher the nf, the higher the quality of the schema - target: usually 3nf or bcnf	condition using keys and fds of a relation to certify whether a relation schema is in a particular normal form
2	1	normal form	the normal form of a relation refers to the highest normal form condition that it meets, and hence indicates the degree to which it have been normalized	a state of a relation that requires certain rules regarding functional dependencies are satisifies; higher level nf is build upon lower level nf
2	1	normal form	- degree of progressive decomposition - the higher the nf, the higher the quality of the schema - target: usually 3nf or bcnf	a state of a relation that requires certain rules regarding functional dependencies are satisifies; higher level nf is build upon lower level nf
3	1	normal form	a state of a relation that requires that certain rules regarding relationships between attributes (or functional dependencies) are satisfied.	a state of a relation that requires that certain rules regarding relationships between attributes are satisfied
0	0	normal form	a table is in first normal form if it does not contain a repeating group.	a progression that proceeds from first normal form to second normal form to third normal form. a table in a particular normal form possesses a certain desirable collection of properties.
0	0	normal form	relations categorized based on which modification anomalies or other problems they're subject to  functional dependencies: 1nf, 2nf, 3nf, bcnf  multivalued dependencies: 4nf	a state of a relation that requires certain rules regarding functional dependencies are satisifies; higher level nf is build upon lower level nf
0	0	process model	model that has processes that are dynamic and as a result are able to be manipulated and easily studied in the field	helps us understand the various activities involved in policymaking. is the policy process model starting with problem identification and agenda setting.
1	0	process model	model the separate processes needed for a task -boxes represent psychological concepts -connected by arrows, indicating an order	helps us understand the various activities involved in policymaking. is the policy process model starting with problem identification and agenda setting.
0	0	process model	model the separate processes needed for a task -boxes represent psychological concepts -connected by arrows, indicating an order	a framework wherein processes of the same nature are classified into an overall model, e.g., a test improvement model.
0	0	process model	model the separate processes needed for a task -boxes represent psychological concepts -connected by arrows, indicating an order	model that has processes that are dynamic and as a result are able to be manipulated and easily studied in the field
0	0	process model	a framework wherein processes of the same nature are classified into an overall model, e.g., a test improvement model.	helps us understand the various activities involved in policymaking. is the policy process model starting with problem identification and agenda setting.
0	0	process model	a framework wherein processes of the same nature are classified into an overall model, e.g., a test improvement model.	model that has processes that are dynamic and as a result are able to be manipulated and easily studied in the field
0	0	process model	defines a framework that uses software engineering methods to build quality software	shows how a system is used in a broader business process
1	0	process model	an abstract representation of process like a waterfall or incremental development	defines a framework that uses software engineering methods to build quality software
0	0	design patterns	provide the way that a particular sub-system is structured (e.g. proxy, observer, abstract factory) - gang of four published 23	are smaller architectural elements than frameworks. indeed, some patterns live on the granularity of individual methods - examples are the template method and the factory method patterns.
2	1	design patterns	generall repeatable solution to a commonly occuring problem in software design	general reusable solutions commonly occurring problems in detail design how components are built
0	0	design patterns	satisfactory solutions for recurring problems, written systematically	generalizable solutions using best practices
2	1	design patterns	are good solutions to common problems, derived from successful and accepted design solutions	design patterns are already defined; well described solution and provides industry standard approach to solve a recurring problem, so it saves time if we sensibly use the design pattern.
1	0	design patterns	-standard solution to a common problem - technique for making code more flexible - design or implementation structure that achieves a particular purpose - connections among program components	descriptions of communicating objects and classes that are customized to solve a general design problem in a particular context
0	0	design patterns	are codified method for describing problems and their solution allows the se community to capture design knowledge on a way that enables it to be reused	are good solutions to common problems, derived from successful and accepted design solutions
2	1	design patterns	provide the way that a particular sub-system is structured (e.g. proxy, observer, abstract factory) - gang of four published 23	descriptions of communicating objects and classes that are customized to solve a general design problem in a particular context
3	1	design patterns	they describe generic solutions to software design problems	models of good solutions to common design problems
0	0	design patterns	-standard solution to a common problem - technique for making code more flexible - design or implementation structure that achieves a particular purpose - connections among program components	are smaller architectural elements than frameworks. indeed, some patterns live on the granularity of individual methods - examples are the template method and the factory method patterns.
2	1	design patterns	models of good solutions to common design problems	solutions to common software problems in a certain context.
0	0	design patterns	provide the way that a particular sub-system is structured (e.g. proxy, observer, abstract factory) - gang of four published 23	-standard solution to a common problem - technique for making code more flexible - design or implementation structure that achieves a particular purpose - connections among program components
0	0	design patterns	are smaller architectural elements than frameworks. indeed, some patterns live on the granularity of individual methods - examples are the template method and the factory method patterns.	descriptions of communicating objects and classes that are customized to solve a general design problem in a particular context
1	0	design patterns	reusing past solutions to design problems	general reusable solutions commonly occurring problems in detail design how components are built
1	0	design patterns	generall repeatable solution to a commonly occuring problem in software design	reusing past solutions to design problems
3	1	design patterns	they describe generic solutions to software design problems	solutions to common software problems in a certain context.
2	1	design patterns	well- described solution to the most commonly encountered problems which occur during software development	reusing past solutions to design problems
2	1	design patterns	commonly used in comp sci, unfinished by reusable designs for commonly occurring problem types, may represent good practises, help us identify the correct form of a query	are good solutions to common problems, derived from successful and accepted design solutions
0	0	design patterns	certain common patterns of building design that were inherently pleasing and effective	a set of underlying concepts or design motifs that can be used across the product range
0	0	software engineering	the process pf sp;ving customers problems by the systematic development and evolution of large, high-qualtiy software systems wihin cost, time and other constraints.	spends considerable time on requirements analysis, systems design, and system specification.
2	1	software engineering	is a branch of systems engineering concerned with the development of large and complex software intensive systems.	a field that is devoted to the specification, design, production, and the maintenance of non-trivial software products.
0	0	software engineering	the process of developing, testing and maintain large software systems, principally in a real world environment	discipline providing principles and practices that guide overall control of workflow management including testing
3	1	software engineering	the theories, methods, and tools for professional software development (how to develop software)	concerned with theories, methods and tools for professional software development.
3	1	software engineering	a development process that uses various techniques to reduce the cost and complexity of a computer program while increasing its reliability and modifiability	what is a development process that uses mathematical, engineering, and management techniques to reduce the cost complexity of a computer program while increasing its reliability and modifiablity.
3	1	software engineering	is an engineering discipline that is concerned with all aspects of software production from initial conception to operation and maintenance.	a type of engineering that encompasses all aspects of software production from initial concept and development to maintenance
3	1	software engineering	discipline aiming to produce fault-free software. ideally on time, on budget, easy to modify and maintain, and meeting the client's needs.	a discipline whose aim is the production of fault-free software, delivered on time and within budget, that satisfies the client's needs
1	0	software engineering	discipline providing principles and practices that guide overall control of workflow management including testing	a type of engineering that encompasses all aspects of software production from initial concept and development to maintenance
1	0	software engineering	the application of scientific knowledge to the development and maintenance of software systems	is the application of engineering to the design, development, implementation, testing and maintenance of software in a systematic method. (relationship between computer science and software engineering)
3	1	software engineering	the application of a systematic, disciplined, quantifiable approach to the development, operation, and maintenance of software, and the study of these approaches	the application of a systematic, disciplined, quantifiable approach to the development, operation, and maintenance of software; that is, the application of engineering to software.
1	0	software engineering	a systematic, disciplined, quantifiable approach to the development, operation, and maintenance of software.	systematic, quantifiable, disciplined, approach to creating software that includes management, design and requirements
2	1	software engineering	the application of scientific knowledge to the development and maintenance of software systems	software engineering is the application of engineering to the development of software in a systematic method.
3	1	software engineering	the application of a systematic approach to the development, operation, and maintenance of software and the study of these approaches.	the application of a systematic, disciplined, quantifiable approach to the development, operation, and maintenance of software, and the study of these approaches
1	0	software engineering	includes creation of software, maintenance, methodologies, and documentations, whose main goal is the reuse of its projects, etc	the process pf sp;ving customers problems by the systematic development and evolution of large, high-qualtiy software systems wihin cost, time and other constraints.
2	1	software engineering	a discipline focused on the research, education, and application of engineering processes and methods to significantly increase software productivity and software quality while reducing software costs and time to market.	a development process that uses various techniques to reduce the cost and complexity of a computer program while increasing its reliability and modifiability
1	0	software engineering	is an engineering discipline that is concerned with all aspects of software production from initial conception to operation and maintenance.	an engineering discipline that is concerned with all aspects of software production from the early stages of system specification through to maintaining the system after it had gone into use
2	1	software engineering	is an engineering discipline that is concerned with all aspects of software production from initial conception to operation and maintenance.	discipline providing principles and practices that guide overall control of workflow management including testing
1	0	software engineering	includes creation of software, maintenance, methodologies, and documentations, whose main goal is the reuse of its projects, etc	spends considerable time on requirements analysis, systems design, and system specification.
2	1	software engineering	the application of scientific knowledge to the development and maintenance of software systems	the systematic application of scientific and technological knowledge, methods, and experience to the design, implementation, testing, and documentation of software. methodologies, techniques and tools.
1	0	software engineering	the process of developing, testing and maintain large software systems, principally in a real world environment	a type of engineering that encompasses all aspects of software production from initial concept and development to maintenance
0	0	software engineering	a collection of techniques, methodologies and tools that help with the production of a high quality software system developed within a given budget, meeting a given deadline, while change occurs	activities focused on pqct involves research and practice on improving pqct systematic, quantifiable, disciplined approach to developing software products pqct- increase profitability, increase quality, reduce costs, time to market
1	0	software engineering	the process of developing, testing and maintain large software systems, principally in a real world environment	is an engineering discipline that is concerned with all aspects of software production from initial conception to operation and maintenance.
2	1	software engineering	the application of a systematic approach to the development, operation, and maintenance of software and the study of these approaches.	the application of a systematic, disciplined, quantifiable approach to the development, operation, and maintenance of software; that is, the application of engineering to software.
2	1	software engineering	takes a disciplined approach to developing software that is reliable efficient, affordable, user friendly and scalable	the methodological process of building reliable, robust, efficient, accurate, and useful computer programs
3	1	software engineering	a branch of computer science that applies engineering principles and techniques to the world of computer software	the application of engineering principles to software design
1	0	client side	front end interface for users of websites	website running a script on the users side
1	0	client side	uses the client's resources to process data and decision. usually verifies that data meets a minimum requirement.  example: verifies password has 8 characters	validation is accompksihed on the client web page before any data is sent to the server
1	0	client side	this term is the type of scripting which adds interactivity to web pages eg. by using js	website running a script on the users side
1	0	assembly code	- uses mnemonics - each assembly code translates into one instruction	a low-level programming language closely related to machine language. also called assembly language. an example is lmc
1	0	assembly code	-to make use of special hardware + machine dependent instructions. -to write code that doesn't take up space in primary memory	mnemonic representation of machine code
3	1	assembly code	low level language which uses mnemonic codes to represent machine code.	mnemonic representation of machine code
0	0	assembly code	code that is more readable by humans, but must be converted to machine code for a computer to understand	made in machine code
1	0	exponential growth	1. initial quantity of something starts to grow and the rate of growth increases - mathematical model - more often, sales follow s curve	growth by a constant proportion each unit of time e.g. doubling every week.
1	0	exponential growth	growth whose rate becomes ever more rapid in proportion to the growing total number or size. also called population growth at a &"geometric rate&"	when population size increases by a factor repeatedly (there is a rapid increase on the graph)
1	0	exponential growth	growth whose rate becomes ever more rapid in proportion to the growing total number or size.	pattern of growth in which a population of organisms grows faster as it increases in size, resulting in a population explosion.
1	0	exponential growth	growth of a microbial population in which cell numbers double within a specific time interval (doubling time)	growth occurring when individuals of population reproduce at constant rate (j-shaped graph)
2	1	exponential growth	growth at a constant rate; j curve	growth at a constant rate of increase per unit time. (geometric)
1	0	exponential growth	present population growth- a rapid population increase due to an abundance of resources	growth, particularly of a population, in which the increase occurs in the same manner as compound interest
3	1	exponential growth	population grows faster and faster	when a population increases faster and faster as the population grows larger
2	1	exponential growth	a rate of change that increases more and more rapidly over time	a rapid population increase due to an abundance of resources
1	0	exponential growth	growth by a constant proportion each unit of time e.g. doubling every week.	extreme population growth rate increases over time (looks like a j)
2	1	exponential growth	j shaped curve - how a population would grow without limiting factors	occurs when resources are unlimited (ideal), &"j&" shaped curve
1	0	exponential growth	growth that continues to speed up as time goes by	the idea that population will grow continuously if the conditions are right
1	0	exponential growth	growth whose rate becomes ever more rapid in proportion to the growing total number or size.	growth of a population in an ideal, unlimited environment, represented by a j-shaped curve.
1	0	exponential growth	when a population increases faster and faster as the population grows larger	rapid increase of a population
1	0	exponential growth	growth of a population in an ideal, unlimited environment, represented by a j-shaped curve when population size is plotted over time.	population growth that becomes rapid in proportion to a growing population size
2	1	exponential growth	growth whose rate becomes ever more rapid in proportion to the growing total number or size.	growth of a population in an ideal, unlimited environment, represented by a j-shaped curve when population size is plotted over time.
1	0	exponential growth	• no limits on resources • starts slowly in growth, but accelerates at the population increases	occurs when a population size increases dramatically over a period of time.
3	1	exponential growth	growth of a population in an ideal, unlimited environment, represented by a j-shaped curve when population size is plotted over time.	pattern of growth in which a population of organisms grows faster as it increases in size, resulting in a population explosion.
2	1	exponential growth	• no limits on resources • starts slowly in growth, but accelerates at the population increases	in presence of abundant resources, populations can grow at exponential rates, slow at first then faster and faster
1	0	exponential growth	population growth that becomes rapid in proportion to a growing population size	when population size increases by a factor repeatedly (there is a rapid increase on the graph)
0	0	exponential growth	in presence of abundant resources, populations can grow at exponential rates, slow at first then faster and faster	occurs when a population size increases dramatically over a period of time.
1	0	exponential growth	recursive formula: pn= (1+r)pn-1  explicit formula: pn= (1+r)^n (po)  r= rate of change	extreme population growth rate increases over time (looks like a j)
1	0	exponential growth	growth, particularly of a population, in which the increase occurs in the same manner as compound interest	a rapid population increase due to an abundance of resources
2	1	exponential growth	occurs when resources are unlimited, the larger the population gets the faster it grows. growth rate rapidly increases.	• no limits on resources • starts slowly in growth, but accelerates at the population increases
2	1	exponential growth	the rate of growth rapidly increases in proportion to the growing total number in size	increase in number or size, at a constantly growing rate. compound interest is an example of exponential growth.
0	0	exponential growth	1. initial quantity of something starts to grow and the rate of growth increases - mathematical model - more often, sales follow s curve	extreme population growth rate increases over time (looks like a j)
0	0	exponential growth	growth in which numbers increase by a certain factor in each successive time period	growth of a microbial population in which cell numbers double within a specific time interval (doubling time)
2	1	exponential growth	a rate of change that increases more and more rapidly over time	growth, particularly of a population, in which the increase occurs in the same manner as compound interest
0	0	exponential growth	an increase in a quantity at a fixed percentage per unit of time that starts off slowly but grows to enormous numbers	when a population is small and environmental conditions are excellent for a given organism, the population increases by a fixed % per year
1	0	exponential growth	a rate of change that increases more and more rapidly over time	present population growth- a rapid population increase due to an abundance of resources
2	1	exponential growth	growth in which numbers increase by a certain factor in each successive time period	growth occurring when individuals of population reproduce at constant rate (j-shaped graph)
2	1	exponential growth	growth pattern in which the individuals in a population reproduce at a constant rate- j-shaped	growth at a constant rate of increase per unit time. (geometric)
3	1	exponential growth	growth whose rate becomes ever more rapid in proportion to the growing total number or size. also called population growth at a &"geometric rate&"	population growth that becomes rapid in proportion to a growing population size
3	1	exponential growth	growth whose rate becomes ever more rapid in proportion to the growing total number or size.	population growth that becomes rapid in proportion to a growing population size
2	1	exponential growth	when population size increases by a factor repeatedly (there is a rapid increase on the graph)	pattern of growth in which a population of organisms grows faster as it increases in size, resulting in a population explosion.
1	0	exponential growth	- the growth of a population when its increase is proportional to its base amount	a rapid population increase due to an abundance of resources
1	0	exponential growth	a rate of change that increases more and more rapidly over time	- the growth of a population when its increase is proportional to its base amount
2	1	exponential growth	an increase in a quantity at a fixed percentage per unit of time that starts off slowly but grows to enormous numbers	when a population increases by a fixed percentage each year
0	0	exponential growth	1. initial quantity of something starts to grow and the rate of growth increases - mathematical model - more often, sales follow s curve	recursive formula: pn= (1+r)pn-1  explicit formula: pn= (1+r)^n (po)  r= rate of change
2	1	compression ratio	the size of the compressed date divided by the size of the uncompressed date	measure performance by calculating: divide the new compressed size of file by original size of file. algo efficiency in saving space.
1	0	compression ratio	cr = n1 / n2 n1 and n2 are number of information carrying units (bits) in 2 data sets that represent the same information  (original and compressed data)	relationship b/w uncompressed digital data files &  compressed  ex: 10: 1 = 10%
1	0	compression ratio	original size of data divided by size after compression	the size of the compressed date divided by the size of the uncompressed date
2	1	search engine	a program that searches for info on the internet. you use a browser to access info and a search engine to point you to the right direction.	program that finds web sites, web pages, images, videos, news, maps, &  other information related to a specific topic.
3	1	search engine	a database of websites that allow you to easily search by keywords and topics	web-based search tool that locates a web page using a keyword
2	1	search engine	software that allows you to search for information on the world wide web	web-based tool that allows users to search for info across the world wide web
2	1	search engine	a database website that allows the user to specify information given search criteria, such as google, yahoo, and bing	provides the ability for users to search the web by typing in a search terms. results can include pages, documents, or images.
1	0	search engine	1. a software program you can use to find web sites, web pages, and internet files. 2. a computer program that helps a marketing manager find information that is needed	a program which helps in finding websites, web pages and internet files.
2	1	search engine	a software tool that enables users to find information on the web by specifying words that are key to their topics of interest—keywords.	a database website that allows the user to specify information given search criteria, such as google, yahoo, and bing
2	1	search engine	google is the main one of these. you can use them to search for specific topics within the world wide web.	online tool allowing you to enter keywords and terms. helps you find relevant web pages on the internet
3	1	search engine	programs that search documents for specified keywords and returns a list of the documents in which the keywords are found	programs that search documents for specific keywords and returns a list of matching documents
1	0	search engine	program that finds web sites, web pages, images, videos, news, maps, &  other information related to a specific topic.	a set of programs that searches the web
3	1	search engine	online tool that helps people find information on websites	a computer program that helps people find websites they are looking for
0	0	search engine	a table of contents or index of the world wide web as it lists sources pertaining to a specific searched for topic	software which uses algorithms to scan an index for existing internet content for particular terms, and then ranks the results based on their relevance
2	1	search engine	designed to help a user search for information on the world wide web. example: google	program that finds web sites, web pages, images, videos, news, maps, &  other information related to a specific topic.
2	1	search engine	software program or script available through the internet that searches documents and files for keywords and returns the results of any files containing those keywords.	a program that searches for a website, file, or document in the internet
2	1	search engine	a utility, usually accessed through a website, that searches an online website database based on keywords you specify	a software program that searches indexed web sites and reports locations containing specified information
1	0	search engine	over 1.5 billion people use this every day to find information online	online tool allowing you to enter keywords and terms. helps you find relevant web pages on the internet
2	1	search engine	a computer program that visits web pages on the internet and looks for those containing particular directories or words	program that finds web sites, web pages, images, videos, news, maps, &  other information related to a specific topic.
2	1	search engine	a web service that indiscriminately searches through web sites to create a searchable index of web sites	web service searching through web sites to create searchable index of web sites
2	1	search engine	the software that did the crawling and provided a ui for users to search, and found results is defined to be the search engine	an internet site that allows the user to search for information using keywords and boolean searching criteria.
3	1	search engine	a program that searches and indexes web pages in the web so users can find a particular site when they search for a particular keyword	web-based search tool that locates a web page using a keyword
2	1	search engine	web service searching through web sites to create searchable index of web sites	a program that searches a database of web pages
2	1	search engine	a collection of computer programs that help us find information on the web through crawling and query processing	is a collection of computer programs that helps us find information on the web -solves the problem of organizing the huge web to browse for specific items
3	1	search engine	identifies web pages that appear to match keywords, also called queries entered by the user and then provides a list of the best matches	program used to find web sites and web pages by entering words or phrases called search text.
2	1	search engine	a software tool that enables users to find information on the web by specifying words that are key to their topics of interest—keywords.	a software system for searching the web
3	1	search engine	search engines are programs that search documents for specific keywords and return a list of the documents where the keywords are found. examples are google, bing, and yahoo!	a program that indexes web documents and attempts to match those documents with search words or phrases by an end user (e.g. google, bing).
1	0	search engine	a software system for searching the web	a database application in a web environment that will enable you to search the nearest and most available information you want to obtain
1	0	search engine	a set of programs that searches the web for key words and then returns a list of the sites on which those keywords are found	search tool that allows you to find specific documents through keyword searches and menu choices, in contrast to directories, which are lists of websites classified by topic.
2	1	search engine	a set of programs that search the web for keywords (or a query) and returns a list of matches.	search tool that allows you to find specific documents through keyword searches and menu choices, in contrast to directories, which are lists of websites classified by topic.
1	0	search engine	an internet site that allows the user to search for information using keywords and boolean searching criteria.	creates a query based on your search criteria and stores the data it collects in a database.
3	1	search engine	a software tool that enables users to find information on the web by specifying words that are key to their topics of interest—keywords.	provides the ability for users to search the web by typing in a search terms. results can include pages, documents, or images.
3	1	search engine	a computer program that is used to look for information on the internet	is a program that allows you to search the internet for information
2	1	search engine	a software system for searching the web	provides the ability for users to search the web by typing in a search terms. results can include pages, documents, or images.
1	0	search engine	a web service that indiscriminately searches through web sites to create a searchable index of web sites	a program that searches a database of web pages
3	1	search engine	a computer program that visits web pages on the internet and looks for those containing particular directories or words	a program that allows the user to enter words/phrases, the software returns a list of links to websites that contain said words/phrases
3	1	search engine	a set of programs that searches the web for key words and then returns a list of the sites on which those keywords are found	a set of programs that searches the web for keywords and then returns a list of the sites on which the words were found. examples include google, yahoo!, and bing.
3	1	search engine	software that allows you to search for information on the world wide web	software that lets you search the web
2	1	search engine	a database application in a web environment that will enable you to search the nearest and most available information you want to obtain	web based tool searches for info using keywords or criteria returning results as website links based on criteria provided
2	1	search engine	a table of contents or index of the world wide web as it lists sources pertaining to a specific searched for topic	attempts to provide relevant high quality pages, by filtering and ranking results with carefully designed algorithms. the most widely used information filtering tools
2	1	search engine	web sites that goes on the internet and searches for information	web-based search tool that locates a web page using a keyword
2	1	search engine	the software that did the crawling and provided a ui for users to search, and found results is defined to be the search engine	information retrieval systems that search the internet and electronic databases for websites, files, or documents based on keywords or phrases.
1	0	search engine	web sites that goes on the internet and searches for information	a database of websites that allow you to easily search by keywords and topics
2	1	search engine	a program that searches information on the internet by looking for specific keywords.	designed to search for information on the web. two of the most common search engines are google and bing.
2	1	search engine	a program that searches information on the internet by looking for specific keywords.	software (can't touch) used to search for information and finds things on the internet. example: google
2	1	search engine	a computer program that visits web pages on the internet and looks for those containing particular directories or words	a set of programs that searches the web
3	1	search engine	software that lets you search the web	web-based tool that allows users to search for info across the world wide web
2	1	search engine	provides the ability for users to search the web by typing in a search terms. results can include pages, documents, or images.	search engines attempt to help a user isolate desired information or resources by searching for keywords.
2	1	search engine	a utility, usually accessed through a website, that searches an online website database based on keywords you specify	1) a program that allows users to search for material on the internet or on a web site. 2) the search function of a database.
2	1	search engine	a program that searches and indexes web pages in the web so users can find a particular site when they search for a particular keyword	a website that searches your words and phrases and returns relevant web pages
3	1	search engine	google is the main one of these. you can use them to search for specific topics within the world wide web.	designed to search for information on the web. two of the most common search engines are google and bing.
2	1	search engine	a software system for searching the web	web based tool searches for info using keywords or criteria returning results as website links based on criteria provided
2	1	search engine	a set of programs that search the web for keywords (or a query) and returns a list of matches.	a website that finds webpages that match a word of phase of a given search expression
3	1	search engine	a set of programs that search the web for keywords (or a query) and returns a list of matches.	a set of programs that searches the web for keywords and then returns a list of the sites on which the words were found. examples include google, yahoo!, and bing.
1	0	search engine	a program that allows the user to enter words/phrases, the software returns a list of links to websites that contain said words/phrases	a set of programs that searches the web
2	1	search engine	a program that searches for info on the internet. you use a browser to access info and a search engine to point you to the right direction.	a software program you can use to find web sites, web pages, images, internet files, videos, news, maps, and other information related to a specific topic
3	1	search engine	a software program you can use to find web sites, web pages, images, internet files, videos, news, maps, and other information related to a specific topic	program that finds web sites, web pages, images, videos, news, maps, &  other information related to a specific topic.
3	1	search engine	information on the web is found by specifying keywords	a computer program that searches for specific information by keywords and then reports the results
1	0	search engine	search engines attempt to help a user isolate desired information or resources by searching for keywords.	web based tool searches for info using keywords or criteria returning results as website links based on criteria provided
2	1	search engine	designed to help a user search for information on the world wide web. example: google	a computer program that visits web pages on the internet and looks for those containing particular directories or words
2	1	search engine	a program that searches information on the internet by looking for specific keywords.	online tool allowing you to enter keywords and terms. helps you find relevant web pages on the internet
3	1	search engine	a website on which one can search for other websites containing information on a specified topic by typing in key words to search for. examples include; google, yahoo, altavista.	a program that indexes web documents and attempts to match those documents with search words or phrases by an end user (e.g. google, bing).
1	0	search engine	a program that allows the user to enter words/phrases, the software returns a list of links to websites that contain said words/phrases	program that finds web sites, web pages, images, videos, news, maps, &  other information related to a specific topic.
2	1	search engine	a set of programs that searches the web for key words and then returns a list of the sites on which those keywords are found	identifies web pages that appear to match keywords, also called queries entered by the user and then provides a list of the best matches
3	1	search engine	software that finds websites, webpages, images, videos and other information related to a specific topic	software that finds websites, webpages, images, videos, news, maps, and other information related to a specific topic online (example google)
1	0	search engine	google is the main one of these. you can use them to search for specific topics within the world wide web.	over 1.5 billion people use this every day to find information online
2	1	search engine	a program that searches information on the internet by looking for specific keywords.	over 1.5 billion people use this every day to find information online
3	1	search engine	web site that has a field for you to type in a search query, as it will search the internet for you using your search criteria.	a database of websites that allow you to easily search by keywords and topics
2	1	search engine	designed to help a user search for information on the world wide web. example: google	a program that allows the user to enter words/phrases, the software returns a list of links to websites that contain said words/phrases
2	1	search engine	a software tool that enables users to find information on the web by specifying words that are key to their topics of interest—keywords.	a database application in a web environment that will enable you to search the nearest and most available information you want to obtain
2	1	search engine	helps individuals locate information on the web. (see also search service).	essentially a website or service you used to locate information.
2	1	search engine	a powerful software program that makes it easy to find information on the internet	a powerful software program that searches internet databases for user-specified information.
2	1	search engine	web site that has a field for you to type in a search query, as it will search the internet for you using your search criteria.	web-based search tool that locates a web page using a keyword
2	1	search engine	a website that finds webpages that match a word of phase of a given search expression	program used to find web sites and web pages by entering words or phrases called search text.
2	1	search engine	a database website that allows the user to specify information given search criteria, such as google, yahoo, and bing	a database application in a web environment that will enable you to search the nearest and most available information you want to obtain
2	1	search engine	designed to search for information on the web. two of the most common search engines are google and bing.	online tool allowing you to enter keywords and terms. helps you find relevant web pages on the internet
2	1	search engine	a website that finds webpages that match a word of phase of a given search expression	search tool that allows you to find specific documents through keyword searches and menu choices, in contrast to directories, which are lists of websites classified by topic.
1	0	search engine	a database of websites that allow you to easily search by keywords and topics	a program that searches and indexes web pages in the web so users can find a particular site when they search for a particular keyword
3	1	search engine	programs (web sites) that search the internet for you, control hits you get  google, bing, yahoo	a software program you can use to find web sites, web pages, and internet files (like google, yahoo or bing).
1	0	search engine	provides the ability for users to search the web by typing in a search terms. results can include pages, documents, or images.	a database application in a web environment that will enable you to search the nearest and most available information you want to obtain
3	1	search engine	a computer program that searches documents, especially on the world wide web, for a specified word or words and provides a list of documents in which they are found.	a computer program that searches the internet for information, especially by looking for documents containing a particular word or group of words
2	1	search engine	identifies web pages that appear to match keywords, also called queries entered by the user and then provides a list of the best matches	a website that finds webpages that match a word of phase of a given search expression
2	1	search engine	a set of programs that search the web for keywords (or a query) and returns a list of matches.	program used to find web sites and web pages by entering words or phrases called search text.
2	1	search engine	a computer program that searches web pages for specific keywords.	1) a program that allows users to search for material on the internet or on a web site. 2) the search function of a database.
3	1	search engine	a set of programs that search the web for keywords (or a query) and returns a list of matches.	a set of programs that searches the web for key words and then returns a list of the sites on which those keywords are found
0	0	search engine	designed to search for information on the web. two of the most common search engines are google and bing.	over 1.5 billion people use this every day to find information online
2	1	search engine	identifies web pages that appear to match keywords, also called queries entered by the user and then provides a list of the best matches	search tool that allows you to find specific documents through keyword searches and menu choices, in contrast to directories, which are lists of websites classified by topic.
2	1	search engine	a software tool that enables users to find information on the web by specifying words that are key to their topics of interest—keywords.	search engines attempt to help a user isolate desired information or resources by searching for keywords.
1	0	search engine	a program that allows the user to enter words/phrases, the software returns a list of links to websites that contain said words/phrases	a software program you can use to find web sites, web pages, images, internet files, videos, news, maps, and other information related to a specific topic
2	1	search engine	an application for locating web pages or other content on a computer network using spiders; a kind of information retrieval service	an application for locating web pages or other content (e.g., documents, media files) on a computer network. popular web-based search engines include google, bing, and yahoo.
2	1	search engine	a computer program that visits web pages on the internet and looks for those containing particular directories or words	a software program you can use to find web sites, web pages, images, internet files, videos, news, maps, and other information related to a specific topic
2	1	search engine	designed to search for information on the web. two of the most common search engines are google and bing.	software (can't touch) used to search for information and finds things on the internet. example: google
3	1	search engine	a database website that allows the user to specify information given search criteria, such as google, yahoo, and bing	search engines attempt to help a user isolate desired information or resources by searching for keywords.
0	0	search engine	a program that searches the internet documents for keywords, returning a list of documents containing those words	this is a piece of software which allows you to search the internet for other webpages.
1	0	search engine	program used to find web sites and web pages by entering words or phrases called search text.	search tool that allows you to find specific documents through keyword searches and menu choices, in contrast to directories, which are lists of websites classified by topic.
3	1	search engine	a database website that allows the user to specify information given search criteria, such as google, yahoo, and bing	web based tool searches for info using keywords or criteria returning results as website links based on criteria provided
3	1	search engine	a website on which one can search for other websites containing information on a specified topic by typing in key words to search for. examples include; google, yahoo, altavista.	search engines are programs that search documents for specific keywords and return a list of the documents where the keywords are found. examples are google, bing, and yahoo!
2	1	search engine	software which uses algorithms to scan an index for existing internet content for particular terms, and then ranks the results based on their relevance	attempts to provide relevant high quality pages, by filtering and ranking results with carefully designed algorithms. the most widely used information filtering tools
3	1	search engine	program used to search the internet for information.	a program on the internet used for finding webpages
3	1	search engine	a computer program that searches web pages for specific keywords.	a software program that searches indexed web sites and reports locations containing specified information
2	1	search engine	a program that searches for info on the internet. you use a browser to access info and a search engine to point you to the right direction.	a computer program that visits web pages on the internet and looks for those containing particular directories or words
2	1	search engine	the software that did the crawling and provided a ui for users to search, and found results is defined to be the search engine	creates a query based on your search criteria and stores the data it collects in a database.
2	1	search engine	a website that searches your words and phrases and returns relevant web pages	web-based search tool that locates a web page using a keyword
1	0	search engine	a utility, usually accessed through a website, that searches an online website database based on keywords you specify	a computer program that searches web pages for specific keywords.
0	0	search engine	software (can't touch) used to search for information and finds things on the internet. example: google	over 1.5 billion people use this every day to find information online
2	1	search engine	a computer program that searches documents, especially on the world wide web, for a specified word or words and provides a list of documents in which they are found.	a program that searches a large database to find matching items. the most common use of a search engine is to find internet addresses based on given key words.
3	1	search engine	a set of programs that search the web for keywords (or a query) and returns a list of matches.	identifies web pages that appear to match keywords, also called queries entered by the user and then provides a list of the best matches
3	1	search engine	a software tool that enables users to find information on the web by specifying words that are key to their topics of interest—keywords.	web based tool searches for info using keywords or criteria returning results as website links based on criteria provided
2	1	search engine	web site that has a field for you to type in a search query, as it will search the internet for you using your search criteria.	a website that searches your words and phrases and returns relevant web pages
1	0	search engine	creates a query based on your search criteria and stores the data it collects in a database.	information retrieval systems that search the internet and electronic databases for websites, files, or documents based on keywords or phrases.
1	0	search engine	search engines attempt to help a user isolate desired information or resources by searching for keywords.	a database application in a web environment that will enable you to search the nearest and most available information you want to obtain
1	0	search engine	a web service that indiscriminately searches through websites to create a searchable index of web sites. this differs from a web index that is automated	a program that searches a database of web pages
1	0	search engine	a software program you can use to find web sites, web pages, images, internet files, videos, news, maps, and other information related to a specific topic	a set of programs that searches the web
2	1	search engine	designed to help a user search for information on the world wide web. example: google	a program that searches for info on the internet. you use a browser to access info and a search engine to point you to the right direction.
3	1	search engine	web site that has a field for you to type in a search query, as it will search the internet for you using your search criteria.	a program that searches and indexes web pages in the web so users can find a particular site when they search for a particular keyword
1	0	search engine	designed to help a user search for information on the world wide web. example: google	a software program you can use to find web sites, web pages, images, internet files, videos, news, maps, and other information related to a specific topic
2	1	search engine	google is the main one of these. you can use them to search for specific topics within the world wide web.	a program that searches information on the internet by looking for specific keywords.
2	1	search engine	a program that searches for a website, file, or document in the internet	software program or script available through the internet that searches documents and files
3	1	search engine	software (can't touch) used to search for information and finds things on the internet. example: google	online tool allowing you to enter keywords and terms. helps you find relevant web pages on the internet
3	1	search engine	a set of programs that searches the web for key words and then returns a list of the sites on which those keywords are found	a website that finds webpages that match a word of phase of a given search expression
1	0	search engine	a web service that indiscriminately searches through websites to create a searchable index of web sites. this differs from a web index that is automated	web service searching through web sites to create searchable index of web sites
2	1	search engine	a program that searches for info on the internet. you use a browser to access info and a search engine to point you to the right direction.	a set of programs that searches the web
3	1	search engine	google is the main one of these. you can use them to search for specific topics within the world wide web.	software (can't touch) used to search for information and finds things on the internet. example: google
2	1	search engine	a program that searches for info on the internet. you use a browser to access info and a search engine to point you to the right direction.	a program that allows the user to enter words/phrases, the software returns a list of links to websites that contain said words/phrases
2	1	numerical data	measurement or quantitative data, data where the values are numbers, measurements, or quantities. for example, the weights of 10 different dogs.	values that are numbers such as counts, measurements, and ratings.
1	0	numerical data	data involving numbers, including measurement data	data obtained from numeric information
1	0	numerical data	* take a numerical value * can be continuous (no limit on values: whole numbers can still be continuous e.g. weight and age) or discrete (whole numbers only)	represent differing amounts of the characteristic (age, intelligence, or run time, etc.)
2	1	numerical data	values that are numbers such as counts, measurements, and ratings.	known as the measurement or quantitative data, are data where the values are numbers, measurements, or quantities.
3	1	numerical data	measurement or quantitative data, data where the values are numbers, measurements, or quantities. for example, the weights of 10 different dogs.	known as the measurement or quantitative data, are data where the values are numbers, measurements, or quantities.
2	1	numerical data	quantitative, data in the form of a number	data involving numbers, including measurement data
3	1	numerical data	can be described with numbers. height, weight, and age are all examples of numerical data.	data that can be measured, such as height, age, or test scores..
2	1	numerical data	known as the measurement or quantitative data, are data where the values are numbers, measurements, or quantities.	data that includes number, measurements, or quantities
1	0	numerical data	data that consists of numbers. can be placed in ascending or descending order.	data that represents values or observations that can be measured and placed in ascending or descending order
2	1	numerical data	data that represents values that can be measured and ordered	data which can be counted or measured
0	0	numerical data	observation is a number	- quantitative data - data in the form of any number - is either continuous or discrete
2	1	numerical data	data that represents values that can be measured and ordered	data representing a quantity or quality that can be measured or counted.
2	1	numerical data	data that can be measured, such as height, age, or test scores..	characteristic of qualitative methods data that is measurable (time, height, weight)
3	1	numerical data	can be described with numbers. height, weight, and age are all examples of numerical data.	characteristic of qualitative methods data that is measurable (time, height, weight)
2	1	numerical data	values that are numbers such as counts, measurements, and ratings.	data that includes number, measurements, or quantities
0	0	numerical data	used to measure/describe characteristics of groups includes measures of central tendency and measures of variation	- parametric test (for normally distributed data): one group, two groups, 3+ groups - non-parametric tests (for non-normally distributed data): one group, two groups, 3+ groups
3	1	numerical data	data which can be counted or measured	data representing a quantity or quality that can be measured or counted.
2	1	numerical data	data that consists of numbers, quantitative.	data represented by numbers
3	1	numerical data	data that can be measured, such as height, age, or test scores..	data that consists of numbers and measurable, like number, height, weight, etc.
0	0	utility function	the relationship between a consumer's utility level, u, and the levels of various things in the world that give the consumer satisfaction.	a person's or organization's willingness to accept risk. relative to the project priority as high-priority projects are typically risk adverse. also known as risk tolerance
1	0	utility function	performance measure (in which a rational agent would maximize)	agent's internalization of a performance measure -quantitative measure of the success of an agent -agent wants to maximize its utility function
0	0	utility function	a person's or organization's willingness to accept risk. relative to the project priority as high-priority projects are typically risk adverse. also known as risk tolerance	essentially a numerical scaling in which higher numbers stand for higher positions in an individual's preference ordering
0	0	utility function	a mathematical function that describes the relationship between what consumers actually consume and their level of well-being	essentially a numerical scaling in which higher numbers stand for higher positions in an individual's preference ordering
0	0	utility function	the relationship between a consumer's utility level, u, and the levels of various things in the world that give the consumer satisfaction.	essentially a numerical scaling in which higher numbers stand for higher positions in an individual's preference ordering
1	0	utility function	performance measure (in which a rational agent would maximize)	an internalization of the performance measure
2	1	virtual machine	virtual machine appears to the owner as a separate independent computer with its own operating system.	essentially a virtual computer running within your computer
1	0	virtual machine	runs on a physical computer as a virtualized computer system. multiple virtual machines can run on one computer	is a logical entity but appears like a physical host to the operating system, with its own cpu, memory, network controller, and disks.
3	1	virtual machine	a software implementation of a computer that executes programs like a physical computer.	a software emulator that acts like a physical computer
2	1	virtual machine	enables a computer or device to run another operating system in addition to the one installed	a software computer that, like a runs an operating system and applications, however does not physically exist.
2	1	virtual machine	when a computer hides the complexities of the hardware from the user it is said to be a	hides software complexity
2	1	virtual machine	virtual machine appears to the owner as a separate independent computer with its own operating system.	a program running on a computer that creates a self-contained operating environment and presents the appearance to the user of a different computer.
3	1	virtual machine	software that creates an operating environment that emulates another computer platform (for example, parallels desktop creates a virtual pc on an intel macintosh computer).	emulation of one computer (hardware and operating system) on another. flexible and isolated
1	0	virtual machine	a self-contained operating environment, imposed through software, that takes on the function of / behaves like a separate computer, often used to run intermediate code or an operating system	a software implementation of a computer system, allowing one physical computer to run several &"virtual computers&", each with their own independent operating system and application software.
1	0	virtual machine	virtual machines are based on computer architectures and provide functionality of a physical computer.	a software program that emulates the functions of some other physical or virtual computer
1	0	virtual machine	an instance of a discrete operating system running within virtual server software on one computer. multiple virtual machines can run within the virtual server software on one computer.	software system that allows us to install multiple operating systems in a host computer, using the host hardware.
1	0	virtual machine	emulation of one computer (hardware and operating system) on another. flexible and isolated	virtualization software that allows the physical hardware of a single pc to run multiple operating systems simultaneously.
1	0	virtual machine	an environment on a computer in which you can install and run an operating system and programs	a software-controlled environment in which programs can behave as if they were running directly on the hardware of a physical computer.
3	1	virtual machine	essentially a virtual computer running within your computer	a software computer that, like a runs an operating system and applications, however does not physically exist.
1	0	virtual machine	essentially a virtual computer running within your computer	a program running on a computer that creates a self-contained operating environment and presents the appearance to the user of a different computer.
0	0	virtual machine	a program running on a computer that creates a self-contained operating environment and presents the appearance to the user of a different computer.	enables a computer or device to run another operating system in addition to the one installed
2	1	virtual machine	an environment on a computer in which you can install and run an operating system and programs	a software implementation of a computer that executes programs like a physical computer.
1	0	virtual machine	virtual machine appears to the owner as a separate independent computer with its own operating system.	enables a computer or device to run another operating system in addition to the one installed
0	0	virtual machine	essentially a virtual computer running within your computer	enables a computer or device to run another operating system in addition to the one installed
2	1	virtual machine	essentially a virtual computer running within your computer	a self-contained operating environment, imposed through software, that takes on the function of / behaves like a separate computer, often used to run intermediate code or an operating system
2	1	virtual machine	a program running on a computer that creates a self-contained operating environment and presents the appearance to the user of a different computer.	a software computer that, like a runs an operating system and applications, however does not physically exist.
2	1	virtual machine	an environment on a computer in which you can install and run an operating system and programs	a software emulator that acts like a physical computer
0	0	virtual machine	an instance of a discrete operating system running within virtual server software on one computer. multiple virtual machines can run within the virtual server software on one computer.	emulation of one computer (hardware and operating system) on another. flexible and isolated
0	0	virtual machine	a software implementation or emulation of a host machine, which is created by virtualization software, and runs independently from the host on which it is installed.	runs on a physical computer as a virtualized computer system. multiple virtual machines can run on one computer
1	0	virtual machine	programs which simulate 1 or more additional physical computers in a single machine	a software implementation of a computer that executes programs like a physical machine
1	0	virtual machine	software that creates an operating environment that emulates another computer platform (for example, parallels desktop creates a virtual pc on an intel macintosh computer).	software system that allows us to install multiple operating systems in a host computer, using the host hardware.
2	1	virtual machine	software system that allows us to install multiple operating systems in a host computer, using the host hardware.	virtualization software that allows the physical hardware of a single pc to run multiple operating systems simultaneously.
2	1	virtual machine	a software emulator that acts like a physical computer	a software-controlled environment in which programs can behave as if they were running directly on the hardware of a physical computer.
2	1	virtual machine	virtual machine appears to the owner as a separate independent computer with its own operating system.	a software computer that, like a runs an operating system and applications, however does not physically exist.
1	0	virtual machine	a software implementation or emulation of a host machine, which is created by virtualization software, and runs independently from the host on which it is installed.	is a logical entity but appears like a physical host to the operating system, with its own cpu, memory, network controller, and disks.
1	0	virtual machine	an instance of a discrete operating system running within virtual server software on one computer. multiple virtual machines can run within the virtual server software on one computer.	virtualization software that allows the physical hardware of a single pc to run multiple operating systems simultaneously.
1	0	virtual machine	a self-contained operating environment, imposed through software, that takes on the function of / behaves like a separate computer, often used to run intermediate code or an operating system	a software computer that, like a runs an operating system and applications, however does not physically exist.
2	1	virtual machine	a program running on a computer that creates a self-contained operating environment and presents the appearance to the user of a different computer.	a software implementation of a computer system, allowing one physical computer to run several &"virtual computers&", each with their own independent operating system and application software.
0	0	energy consumption	no energy sources are truly clean all human activities require energy (heat and cool buildings, illuminate buildings and streets, and plant harvest and ship food)	the use of energy as a source of heat or power or as a raw material input to a manufacturing process
2	1	energy consumption	the amount of energy consumed by business processes and systems	(degree of efficiency with which a software product consumes energy when performing its functions)
0	0	energy consumption	amount of energy or power used by a society or organization.	no energy sources are truly clean all human activities require energy (heat and cool buildings, illuminate buildings and streets, and plant harvest and ship food)
0	0	energy consumption	usa uses the most oil globally, africa uses the least amount of energy, europe is heavily reliant on nuclear power, europe uses the largest proportion of hep	no energy sources are truly clean all human activities require energy (heat and cool buildings, illuminate buildings and streets, and plant harvest and ship food)
1	0	energy consumption	amount of energy or power used by a society or organization.	the amount of energy consumed for various purposes; different between developing and developed nations
0	0	data models	a collection of conceptual tools for describing data, data relationships, data semantics, and consistency constraints.	three types: 1. graphical diagram 2. enterprise data model 3. project data model
1	0	data models	graphical systems used to capture the nature and relationships among data	capture the nature of and relationships among data and are used at different levels of abstraction as a database is conceptualized and designed
3	1	data models	relatively simple representations of complex real world data structures  -graphical abstraction of real world obj/event -iterative process useful in understanding complexities of the real world	relatively simple representations of complex real-world data structures (often graphical) data modeling is an iterative and progressive process
3	1	data models	concepts to describe the structure of database, operations and constraints	a set of concepts to describe the structure and constraints of the database
1	0	data models	simple representations of complex real-world data structures  *useful for supporting a specific problem domain.	relatively simple representations of complex real world data structures  -graphical abstraction of real world obj/event -iterative process useful in understanding complexities of the real world
0	0	data models	simple representations of complex real-world data structures  *useful for supporting a specific problem domain.	relatively simple representations of complex real-world data structures (often graphical) data modeling is an iterative and progressive process
0	0	data models	- representation, usually graphical, of the structure of a database solution for a given business problem.	a collection of conceptual tools for describing data, data relationships, data semantics, and consistency constraints.
0	0	data models	- representation, usually graphical, of the structure of a database solution for a given business problem.	three types: 1. graphical diagram 2. enterprise data model 3. project data model
3	1	control flow	order in which individual statements , instructions, or function calls of an imperative program are executed or evaluated	is the order of function calls , procedures, and programs which are executed or evaluated.
1	0	control flow	a sequence of events (paths) in the execution through a component or system. direction computer program moves from instruction to instruction over time.	-computers execute instructions in sequence except for when we change the control flow via  -jump instructions  -call instructions
1	0	control flow	the sequence in which operations are performed during the execution of a test item	is the order of function calls , procedures, and programs which are executed or evaluated.
2	1	control flow	the order in which statements are executed, a core idea for most first programming classes	-computers execute instructions in sequence except for when we change the control flow via  -jump instructions  -call instructions
1	0	control flow	a sequence of events (paths) in the execution through a component or system. direction computer program moves from instruction to instruction over time.	the order in which statements are executed, a core idea for most first programming classes
1	0	control flow	the direction the computer program moves from instruction to instruction over time. can also be controlled by if statements and other binary conditions.	the order in which statements are executed, a core idea for most first programming classes
1	0	control flow	the direction the computer program moves from instruction to instruction over time. can also be controlled by if statements and other binary conditions.	-computers execute instructions in sequence except for when we change the control flow via  -jump instructions  -call instructions
1	0	control flow	a condition or nondataevent that triggers a process.•used sparingly on dfds.	represents a condition or non-data event that triggers a process. time for report-generation process; temperature and/or altitude (real-time conditions) for real-time systems
2	1	control flow	statements in source code files are executed from top to bottom in the order they are written.  allows for programs to execute blocks of code conditionally.	-successive execution of program statements  -conditional statements alter default flow
0	0	control flow	consists of tasks that execute when the package runs	writing java programs that can follow different sets of instructions depending on the values that we provide to them
1	0	control flow	gives us this ability to choose among outcomes based on what else is happening in the program.	writing java programs that can follow different sets of instructions depending on the values that we provide to them
0	0	control flow	gives us this ability to choose among outcomes based on what else is happening in the program.	consists of tasks that execute when the package runs
1	0	control flow	order in which individual statements , instructions, or function calls of an imperative program are executed or evaluated	the sequence in which operations are performed during the execution of a test item
1	0	control flow	in an activity diagram: represented by a line with an arrow at one end.	order of instruction execution best way to think of activity diagrams
2	1	control flow	successive execution of program statements	the ordering of program execution.
0	0	control flow	statements in source code files are executed from top to bottom in the order they are written.  allows for programs to execute blocks of code conditionally.	a graph that contains decision points and executed statements. decisions/conditional tests are shown as diamonds and statements as rectangles.
1	0	control flow	the direction the computer program moves from instruction to instruction over time. can also be controlled by if statements and other binary conditions.	a sequence of events (paths) in the execution through a component or system. direction computer program moves from instruction to instruction over time.
0	0	control flow	a graph that contains decision points and executed statements. decisions/conditional tests are shown as diamonds and statements as rectangles.	-successive execution of program statements  -conditional statements alter default flow
3	1	enterprise applications	systems that span functional areas, focus on executing business processes across the firm, and include all levels of management (ex: what products should we make in 5 years)	which are systems that span functional areas, focus on executing business processes across the business firm, and include all levels of management
1	0	enterprise applications	which are systems that span functional areas, focus on executing business processes across the business firm, and include all levels of management	systems that can coordinate activities, decisions, and knowledge across many different functions, levels, and business units in a firm
1	0	enterprise applications	systems that span functional areas, focus on executing business processes across the firm, and include all levels of management (ex: what products should we make in 5 years)	systems that span functional areas, focus on executing business processes across the business firm, and include all levels of management, ensures that tps, mis, dss and ess work together smoothly
2	1	enterprise applications	systems that span functional areas, focus on executing business processes across the business firm, and include all levels of management -help businesses become more flexible and productive	systems that span functional areas, focus on executing business processes across the business firm, and include all levels of management, ensures that tps, mis, dss and ess work together smoothly
0	0	enterprise applications	systems that can coordinate activities, decisions, and knowledge across many different functions, levels, and business units in a firm	systems that span functional areas, focus on executing business processes across the business firm, and include all levels of management, ensures that tps, mis, dss and ess work together smoothly
1	0	communication network	-reveals who talks to whom -reveals interaction patterns or the flow of messages -creates structured group norms and expectations -creates social roles and relationships	set of rules governing the possibility or ease of communication between different roles in a group
2	1	communication network	the patterns of communication that exist in a small group; how information typically flows from person to person during a small group discussion.	the pattern or interaction within a group or who talk to whom
2	1	communication network	pattern or flow of communication among people.	a pattern or a row of communications with people in a group(choose who you talk to)
0	0	communication network	the patterns of communication that exist in a small group; how information typically flows from person to person during a small group discussion.	the interaction pattern or flow of messages between and among group members. provides structure for a group because it controls who talks to who.
1	0	communication network	a communication network (or communication system) links together devices so that data and information can be shared among them.	a structure through which information flows in a business
2	1	application layer	layer 7 of the osi model, which interacts with application programs that incorporate a communication component such as your internet browser and email  ex) http, ftp, smtp	osi model layer that interacts with application programs that incorporate a communication component such as your internet browser and mail. - service advertisement. - application services.
1	0	application layer	enables client application programs to access the other layers, and it defines the protocols that applications use to exchange data	application layer provides standards for how applications work together. this layer insures the interoperability of applications from different vendors.
0	0	application layer	enables client application programs to access the other layers, and it defines the protocols that applications use to exchange data	responsible for interpreting data to a format meaningful to applications the primary data that lower levels are in charge of transporting closest to end user
2	1	application layer	includes communication protocols used by programs that make and respond to high-level requests for network services	includes protocols used to routing information among systems on the internet
1	0	application layer	layer where applications create and communicate user data to other applications on the same or another host.	enables client application programs to access the other layers, and it defines the protocols that applications use to exchange data
1	0	application layer	provides services for an application program to ensure effective communication.	responsible for supporting application and end-user processes; application services for file transfers, e-mail, and other network software services.
2	1	application layer	the software that enables the user to perform useful work...reason for having a network is to enable these applications	network process to application  -service that talks over a network  -allows end user to communicate through the network.
1	0	application layer	first layer in the tcp/ip stack. where networking applications, like web browsers operate. applications select the correct protocol depending on what the user wants to do.	where the application using the network resides, common network applications include web browsing, e-mail, file transfers, and remote logins.
1	0	application layer	comprises applications and processes that use the network	network process to application  -service that talks over a network  -allows end user to communicate through the network.
1	0	application layer	the software that enables the user to perform useful work...reason for having a network is to enable these applications	comprises applications and processes that use the network
1	0	application layer	protocols govern how data moves in and our of app, web browsers, and emails, http(s), ftp, pop3, smtp, imap	supporting network applications like ftp, smtp, http.
0	0	application layer	*specify how a pair of applications interact when they communicate *specify details about  - the format  - the meaning of messages that applications can exchange	upper layer data: for network necessary applications. this is what the user uses to interact with the os. i.e chrome, firefox, outlook, etc.
3	1	application layer	this layer enables the users to access the network.	a layer of osi model that provides the users access to network resources
0	0	application layer	*specify how a pair of applications interact when they communicate *specify details about  - the format  - the meaning of messages that applications can exchange	layer 5 in internet model, the software that enables the users to perform useful work  ex) instant messaging, videoconference, file transfer, email, web, wordprocessing
0	0	application layer	*specify how a pair of applications interact when they communicate *specify details about  - the format  - the meaning of messages that applications can exchange	where the application using the network resides, common network applications include web browsing, e-mail, file transfers, and remote logins.
2	1	application layer	allows applications to access services to transfer data over the network	enables applications on a network node (device) to request network services such as file transfers, email, and database access.
2	1	application layer	layer where applications create and communicate user data to other applications on the same or another host.	application layer provides standards for how applications work together. this layer insures the interoperability of applications from different vendors.
2	1	application layer	*specify how a pair of applications interact when they communicate *specify details about  - the format  - the meaning of messages that applications can exchange	first layer in the tcp/ip stack. where networking applications, like web browsers operate. applications select the correct protocol depending on what the user wants to do.
2	1	application layer	the software that enables the user to perform useful work...reason for having a network is to enable these applications	the seventh layer of the osi model. provides services to a user, like a browser. help properly format, secure, and sync with the network
1	0	application layer	first layer in the tcp/ip stack. where networking applications, like web browsers operate. applications select the correct protocol depending on what the user wants to do.	layer 5 in internet model, the software that enables the users to perform useful work  ex) instant messaging, videoconference, file transfer, email, web, wordprocessing
2	1	application layer	layer 7 in the osi model provides interfaces that enable applications to request and receive network services	services that are used with end user applications
1	0	application layer	provides tools for programs to use to access the network (and the lower layers). http, ftp, smtp and pop3 are examples of protocols that operate at this layer	provides protocols for applications to use (smtp, pop, http/s, ftp etc.
0	0	application layer	provides a user interface	responsible for interfacing user applications, network services, or the operating system with the protocol stack
0	0	application layer	it is the layer that provides the interface between the applications used to communicate and the underlying network over which messages are transmitted	responsible for directly accessing the underlying processes that manage and deliver communication to the human network. this layer serves as the source and destination of communications across data networks.
1	0	application layer	supporting network applications like ftp, smtp, http.	layer 7: provides an interface between software running on a computer and the network itself (iget web page object) http, pop3, smtp, pop3, voip, snmp hosts, firewalls
1	0	application layer	osi layer which enables user to access network and provides user interface and support services	a layer of osi model that provides the users access to network resources
2	1	application layer	upper layer data: for network necessary applications. this is what the user uses to interact with the os. i.e chrome, firefox, outlook, etc.	where the application using the network resides, common network applications include web browsing, e-mail, file transfers, and remote logins.
0	0	application layer	the layer of the osi model that is responsible for integrating network services with the operating systems.	provides a user interface
0	0	application layer	the software that enables the user to perform useful work...reason for having a network is to enable these applications	7th layer  presents info in human friendly way provides interface to the software that enables it to use network services
3	1	application layer	this tcp/ip layer is equivalent to the combined session, presentation, and application layers of the osi model.	in a tcp/ip model, this layer corresponds to the session, presentation, and application layers of the osi model.
0	0	application layer	network process to application  -service that talks over a network  -allows end user to communicate through the network.	the seventh layer of the osi model. provides services to a user, like a browser. help properly format, secure, and sync with the network
1	0	application layer	which layer of the tcpiip model processes requests from hosts to ensure a connection is made to the appropriate port	tcp layer that processes requests
2	1	application layer	interacts with application programs that incorporate a communication component such as your internet browser and email	osi model layer that interacts with application programs that incorporate a communication component such as your internet browser and mail. - service advertisement. - application services.
1	0	application layer	(upper layer data)facilitates communication between such programs and lower-layer network services. high-level apis, including resource sharing, remote file access.	the layer that provides a wide variety of applications with the ability to access the services of the lower network layers  protocols: dns, dhcp, smtp/imap, http, rtsp
2	1	application layer	uses protocols relating to application being used to transmit data. e.g if using browser, may select high level protocol http or pop3	provides an interface from the application to the network by supplying a protocol with actions meaningful to the application, for example, &"get web page object.&"
2	1	application layer	responsible for interpreting data to a format meaningful to applications the primary data that lower levels are in charge of transporting closest to end user	receives raw data from the application in use and provides services such as file and message exchange to the application
2	1	application layer	is where network applications and their application-layer protocols reside	where network applications operate
2	1	application layer	access to device itself  application specific data (network services, dns, html, http, etc)	to allow access to network resources  defines: network virtual terminal, file transfer access, mail service, and directory service
2	1	application layer	the top level of the protocol stack, this interacts with applications such as web browsers and email clients. found here are http, pop and smtp.	layer 7: provides an interface between software running on a computer and the network itself (iget web page object) http, pop3, smtp, pop3, voip, snmp hosts, firewalls
2	1	application layer	delivers the application-specific functionality that is required. there may be many different application programs in this layer.	application layer provides standards for how applications work together. this layer insures the interoperability of applications from different vendors.
1	0	application layer	protocols allow software programs to negotiate formatting procedural, security, synchronization, and other requirements	the seventh layer of the osi model. application layer protocols enable software programs to negotiate formatting, procedural, security, synchronization, and other requirements with the network.
3	1	application layer	the osi model layer where a message creation—and, therefore packet creation—begins. it represents the network application or service.	the seventh layer in the osi mode where message and packet creation occurs. it represents the network application or service.
3	1	application layer	layer 7 in the osi model provides interfaces that enable applications to request and receive network services	the seventh layer of the open systems interconnection (osi) model, which deals with how applications access the network and describes application functionality, such as file transfer, messaging, and so on.
2	1	application layer	comprises applications and processes that use the network	7th layer  presents info in human friendly way provides interface to the software that enables it to use network services
0	0	application layer	access to device itself  application specific data (network services, dns, html, http, etc)	(upper layer data)facilitates communication between such programs and lower-layer network services. high-level apis, including resource sharing, remote file access.
2	1	application layer	*specify how a pair of applications interact when they communicate *specify details about  - the format  - the meaning of messages that applications can exchange	uses protocols relating to application being used to transmit data. e.g if using browser, may select high level protocol http or pop3
1	0	application layer	the layer that provides a wide variety of applications with the ability to access the services of the lower network layers  protocols: dns, dhcp, smtp/imap, http, rtsp	to allow access to network resources  defines: network virtual terminal, file transfer access, mail service, and directory service
1	0	application layer	protocols govern how data moves in and our of app, web browsers, and emails, http(s), ftp, pop3, smtp, imap	layer 7: provides an interface between software running on a computer and the network itself (iget web page object) http, pop3, smtp, pop3, voip, snmp hosts, firewalls
2	1	application layer	uses protocols relating to application being used to transmit data. e.g if using browser, may select high level protocol http or pop3	layer 5 in internet model, the software that enables the users to perform useful work  ex) instant messaging, videoconference, file transfer, email, web, wordprocessing
2	1	application layer	layer 5 in internet model, the software that enables the users to perform useful work  ex) instant messaging, videoconference, file transfer, email, web, wordprocessing	provides an interface from the application to the network by supplying a protocol with actions meaningful to the application, for example, &"get web page object.&"
1	0	application layer	protocols allow software programs to negotiate formatting procedural, security, synchronization, and other requirements	the seventh layer of the osi model. application layer protocols enable software programs to negotiate formatting, procedural, security, synchronization, and other requirements with the network. - perform application-to-application communication
2	1	application layer	layer where applications create and communicate user data to other applications on the same or another host.	delivers the application-specific functionality that is required. there may be many different application programs in this layer.
2	1	application layer	upper layer data: for network necessary applications. this is what the user uses to interact with the os. i.e chrome, firefox, outlook, etc.	uses protocols relating to application being used to transmit data. e.g if using browser, may select high level protocol http or pop3
1	0	application layer	to allow access to network resources  defines: network virtual terminal, file transfer access, mail service, and directory service	layer 7: serves as the window for users and application processes to access network services
0	0	application layer	where the application using the network resides, common network applications include web browsing, e-mail, file transfers, and remote logins.	provides an interface from the application to the network by supplying a protocol with actions meaningful to the application, for example, &"get web page object.&"
1	0	application layer	layer 7; relates to the services that directly support user applications`	contains protocols that are commonly needed by users. such as http, protocols used for: file transfer, electronic mail, and network news.
0	0	application layer	(upper layer data)facilitates communication between such programs and lower-layer network services. high-level apis, including resource sharing, remote file access.	to allow access to network resources  defines: network virtual terminal, file transfer access, mail service, and directory service
2	1	application layer	layer 7 of the osi model, which interacts with application programs that incorporate a communication component such as your internet browser and email. terminal emulation (ie outlook, or chrome)	osi model layer that interacts with application programs that incorporate a communication component such as your internet browser and mail. - service advertisement. - application services.
1	0	application layer	comprises applications and processes that use the network	the seventh layer of the osi model. provides services to a user, like a browser. help properly format, secure, and sync with the network
1	0	application layer	the seven layer where the users is actually interacting with. this layer allows access to network resources.	services that are used with end user applications
3	1	application layer	layer 7 of the osi model, which interacts with application programs that incorporate a communication component such as your internet browser and email  ex) http, ftp, smtp	layer 7 of the osi model, which interacts with application programs that incorporate a communication component such as your internet browser and email. terminal emulation (ie outlook, or chrome)
1	0	application layer	works with specific networking applications such as web browsers, file transfer programs, and e-mail.	any application program - email, web browser, file, etc.
0	0	application layer	delivers the application-specific functionality that is required. there may be many different application programs in this layer.	receives raw data from the application in use and provides services such as file and message exchange to the application
1	0	application layer	*specify how a pair of applications interact when they communicate *specify details about  - the format  - the meaning of messages that applications can exchange	provides an interface from the application to the network by supplying a protocol with actions meaningful to the application, for example, &"get web page object.&"
1	0	application layer	layer where applications create and communicate user data to other applications on the same or another host.	receives raw data from the application in use and provides services such as file and message exchange to the application
2	1	application layer	osi layer which enables user to access network and provides user interface and support services	the osi layer provides services and utilities that enable applications to access the network and its resources.
0	0	application layer	layer where applications create and communicate user data to other applications on the same or another host.	responsible for interpreting data to a format meaningful to applications the primary data that lower levels are in charge of transporting closest to end user
2	1	application layer	layer 7; relates to the services that directly support user applications`	sits at the top of the stack, uses protocols that relate to the application transferring information over a network
0	0	application layer	access to device itself  application specific data (network services, dns, html, http, etc)	layer 7: serves as the window for users and application processes to access network services
2	1	application layer	knows how to initiate, control, and disconnect from a remote system	consists of the processes that applications use to initiate, control, and disconnect from a network
0	0	application layer	responsible for interfacing user applications, network services, or the operating system with the protocol stack	responsible for providing interface to the application user and encompasses protocols which directly interact with the user. (osi layer)
1	0	application layer	osi layer 7. above presentation layer. all application specific. provides services for file transfers, email, and other network software service. basically, the desktop.	the layer that provides a wide variety of applications with the ability to access the services of the lower network layers  protocols: dns, dhcp, smtp/imap, http, rtsp
0	0	application layer	delivers the application-specific functionality that is required. there may be many different application programs in this layer.	responsible for interpreting data to a format meaningful to applications the primary data that lower levels are in charge of transporting closest to end user
2	1	application layer	application layer provides standards for how applications work together. this layer insures the interoperability of applications from different vendors.	responsible for interpreting data to a format meaningful to applications the primary data that lower levels are in charge of transporting closest to end user
0	0	application layer	- combines features of the top 3 layers of osi model - every tcp/ip application must be a part of a network to function - no simpler than osi model	the seventh layer of the osi model. this layer refers to the part of applications that make them network aware. think api.
0	0	application layer	protocols govern how data moves in and our of app, web browsers, and emails, http(s), ftp, pop3, smtp, imap	the top level of the protocol stack, this interacts with applications such as web browsers and email clients. found here are http, pop and smtp.
0	0	application layer	application layer provides standards for how applications work together. this layer insures the interoperability of applications from different vendors.	receives raw data from the application in use and provides services such as file and message exchange to the application
0	0	application layer	access to device itself  application specific data (network services, dns, html, http, etc)	the layer that provides a wide variety of applications with the ability to access the services of the lower network layers  protocols: dns, dhcp, smtp/imap, http, rtsp
1	0	application layer	uses protocols relating to application being used to transmit data. e.g if using browser, may select high level protocol http or pop3	where the application using the network resides, common network applications include web browsing, e-mail, file transfers, and remote logins.
1	0	application layer	network process to application  -service that talks over a network  -allows end user to communicate through the network.	7th layer  presents info in human friendly way provides interface to the software that enables it to use network services
1	0	application layer	the top level of the protocol stack, this interacts with applications such as web browsers and email clients. found here are http, pop and smtp.	supporting network applications like ftp, smtp, http.
0	0	application layer	upper layer data: for network necessary applications. this is what the user uses to interact with the os. i.e chrome, firefox, outlook, etc.	provides an interface from the application to the network by supplying a protocol with actions meaningful to the application, for example, &"get web page object.&"
2	1	application layer	layer 7. where all interactions between user and the computer takes place.	where end users interact with the network.
1	0	application layer	upper layer data: for network necessary applications. this is what the user uses to interact with the os. i.e chrome, firefox, outlook, etc.	layer 5 in internet model, the software that enables the users to perform useful work  ex) instant messaging, videoconference, file transfer, email, web, wordprocessing
3	1	application layer	provides a wide variety of applications with the ability to access the services of the lower layers (http, telnet, ftp)---top layer	5th layer. provides a wide variety of applications with the ability to access the services of the lower layers.
3	1	application layer	the osi layer provides services and utilities that enable applications to access the network and its resources.	a layer of osi model that provides the users access to network resources
1	0	application layer	the seven layer where the users is actually interacting with. this layer allows access to network resources.	layer 7 in the osi model provides interfaces that enable applications to request and receive network services
2	1	application layer	where message creation begins. end-user protocols such as ftp, http, &  smtp work on this layer  * measured in messages	this layer is where message creation-and, therefore packet creation begins. db access is on this level. end-user protocols such as ftp, smtp, telnet, and ras work at this layer.
0	0	empirical evidence	the product of scientific research. data must be verifiable; that is another scientist must be able to get the same results by conducting the same or a similar experiment	based on observations and experience w/o using scientific method. ( there is no guarantee that will provide the same outcome every time)
1	0	empirical evidence	data drawn from experimentation as opposed to theory/opinion	information or facts gained by observation or experiment based on scientific analysis.
2	1	empirical evidence	all the measurements and data scientist gather in support of a scientific investigation	scientific data including observations and measurements
0	0	empirical evidence	based on observation of the world: includes quantitative data and statistics, also just observations and anecdotes	evidence based on observation or experiementation to verify the claim
2	1	empirical evidence	evidence corroborated by direct experience and/or observation	scientific proof is gathered through carefully monitored studies or direct observation
2	1	empirical evidence	scientific data including observations and measurements	measurements and data gathered by scientists to develop a scientific explanation
3	1	empirical evidence	relying on evidence gathered by careful observation, experimentation and/or measurement.	scientific proof is gathered through carefully monitored studies or direct observation
1	0	empirical evidence	information or facts gained by observation or experiment based on scientific analysis.	developed through observation based on observation or experiment
1	0	empirical evidence	evidence that comes from direct experience, scientifically gathered data, or experimentation	evidence corroborated by direct experience and/or observation
2	1	empirical evidence	scientific evidence obtained by careful observation and experimentation	evidence based on observation or experimentation.
0	0	empirical evidence	relying on evidence gathered by careful observation, experimentation and/or measurement.	evidence that comes from direct experience, scientifically gathered data, or experimentation
0	0	empirical evidence	sw should utilize an intervention that fits the clients expectations and circumstances	based on observation and experience
2	1	empirical evidence	information or facts gained by observation or experiment based on scientific analysis.	evidence based on observation or experiementation to verify the claim
1	0	empirical evidence	evidence from observation or experience - not deduction or expectations	evidence rooted in objective reality and gathered using one's senses as the basis for generating knowledge
0	0	empirical evidence	based on observation of the world: includes quantitative data and statistics, also just observations and anecdotes	developed through observation based on observation or experiment
3	1	empirical evidence	all the measurements and data scientist gather in support of a scientific investigation	measurements and data gathered by scientists to develop a scientific explanation
1	0	empirical evidence	data drawn from experimentation as opposed to theory/opinion	based on observation of the world: includes quantitative data and statistics, also just observations and anecdotes
2	1	sensor networks	facilitate new ways of interacting with the environment and with physical systems.	networks of sensors to monitor physical or environmental conditions
1	0	sensor networks	pervasive, with emphasis on the actual (collaborative)  sensing  and  actuation  of the environment	-pervasive -generally consists of tens to hundreds or thousands of relatively small nodes each equipped with one or more sensing devices
0	0	energy efficiency	percentage of energy put into a device that turns into useful energy output	useful energy compared to energy converted to low quality
1	0	energy efficiency	percentage of total energy input that does useful work in an energy conversion system, the measure of how much work we get from each unit of energy we use	useful energy compared to energy converted to low quality
0	0	energy efficiency	percentage of the total energy input that does useful work and is not converted into low-quality, generally uses heat in an energy conversion system or process.	useful energy compared to energy converted to low quality
0	0	energy efficiency	a measure of the amount of available energy that is transformed into useful functions or services, determined by the design of energy-using appliances	replacing an energy-consuming device with one that uses less energy to perform the same task (light bulbs)
2	1	relational database	incorporates multiple tables with methods for the tables to work together	the most popular database model. uses several tables to join information by showing how the data in one table relates to the data in other tables
1	0	relational database	data is stored in tables and new information can be added without the need to reorganize the table itself. these tables can also have multiple parent tables.	&"allows the user to specify information about multiple tables and the relationship between those tables&"
3	1	relational database	stores data in tables that are predefined and contain both rows and columns of information.	a type of database that stores data in predefined tables made up of rows and columns
2	1	relational database	a database that consists of several tables  related to each  other in some form.	a database in which data is separated into tables of related records. in access, a database includes a collection of objects-tables, queries, reports, forms, and other objects
0	0	relational database	data is stored in tables and any new info is automatically added to table	a method of creating a database using tables of related data, with relationships between the tables.
2	1	relational database	a group of database tables that is connected or linked by a defined relationship that ties the information together.	a database model that relates information across multiple tables according to primary and foreign keys.
1	0	relational database	store data in tables consisting of columns and rows, similar to the format of a spreadsheet	stores data in tables that consist of rows and columns - each row has a primary key - each column has a unique name
1	0	relational database	stores data in tables, using unique identifiers to enable relating records in one table to records in another table	a database where all data visible to users is organised strictly as tables of data values and where all database operations work on these tables
0	0	relational database	it is a collective set of multiple data sets (two or more tables) organized by tables, records and columns. each table is linked using primary key and foreign key.	one in which data is organized into one or more related tables.
1	0	relational database	form of database that has more than one relational table - each table is related to the other table	series of tables in which each table stores a topic of data, but tables can be linked together to ask complex questions.
2	1	relational database	stores attribute data. a collection of tables which can be connected to each other by attributes whose values can uniquely identify a record	is a database that contains structured data, meaning that contains a series of predefined tables and columns. these tables relate to each other via primary/foreign key relationships.
2	1	relational database	&"allows the user to specify information about multiple tables and the relationship between those tables&"	stores data in separate tables instead of placing all data in one large table.
2	1	relational database	organize data into structured tables; different tables are related or linked based on common attributes	is a database that contains structured data, meaning that contains a series of predefined tables and columns. these tables relate to each other via primary/foreign key relationships.
2	1	relational database	&"allows the user to specify information about multiple tables and the relationship between those tables&"	a method of creating a database using tables of related data, with relationships between the tables.
3	1	relational database	uses a series of logically related two-dimensional tables or files to store information in the form of a database	a database that uses a series of logically related 2-dimensional tables or files to store info.
1	0	relational database	a database system in which the database is organized and accessed according to the relationships between data items without the need for any consideration of physical orientation and relationship.	collection of related tables, each contains one entity; the database is self-describing and uses metadata to enforce integrity; must support insert, update, delete, select
2	1	relational database	form of database that has more than one relational table - each table is related to the other table	made up of tables -tables have columns and rows -rows hold data on a specific entity -column holds a piece of that related data
0	0	relational database	data is stored in tables and any new info is automatically added to table	stores data in separate tables instead of placing all data in one large table.
1	0	relational database	a database system in which the database is organized and accessed according to the relationships between data items without the need for any consideration of physical orientation and relationship.	database in which data is organized into a collection of related tables.
1	0	relational database	data is stored in tables and any new info is automatically added to table	a database that uses two-dimenstional tables to create relationships among variables in the database tables.
2	1	relational database	form of database that has more than one relational table - each table is related to the other table	a collection of related tables (called relations) stored in the same file.
2	1	relational database	this contains more than one table and the tables are linked through common fields.	a database composed of linked tables which have records which are made up of fields. no one table has all the information about a record.
3	1	relational database	stores data in tables that are predefined and contain both rows and columns of information.	store data in tables consisting of columns and rows, similar to the format of a spreadsheet
1	0	relational database	a database that represents data as a collection of tables in which all data relationships are represented by common values in related tables	a collection of related tables (called relations) stored in the same file.
2	1	relational database	organises data using a series of related tables. connections are built between the tables to provide a flexible way of manipulating and combining data.	database in which data is organized into a collection of related tables.
1	0	relational database	series of tables in which each table stores a topic of data, but tables can be linked together to ask complex questions.	a collection of related tables (called relations) stored in the same file.
3	1	relational database	data is held in two or more tables, a relationship created between the tables by use of the primary key and foreign key	a group of tables linked together by primary &  foreign keys.
2	1	relational database	- a simple, but useful way to organize data into collection of 2d called relations - each row is an entity and each column is an attribute	stores attribute data. a collection of tables which can be connected to each other by attributes whose values can uniquely identify a record
1	0	relational database	incorporates multiple tables with methods for the tables to work together	generally implemented as a series of tables, with fields in one table referring to entries in another table.
2	1	relational database	incorporates multiple tables with methods for the tables to work together	a database composed of linked tables which have records which are made up of fields. no one table has all the information about a record.
0	0	relational database	type of database. it uses a structure that allows us to identify and access data in relation to another piece of data in the database	collection of related tables, each contains one entity; the database is self-describing and uses metadata to enforce integrity; must support insert, update, delete, select
3	1	relational database	represents data as two-dimensional tables called relations.  related data across tables based on common data element	- represents data as two-dimensional tables called relations - relates data across tables based on common data element (primary and foreign key) - examples: db2, oracle, ms sql server, mysql
1	0	relational database	organizes info into tables of records that are related to one another by linking a field in one table to a field in another table with matching data	a database composed of linked tables which have records which are made up of fields. no one table has all the information about a record.
1	0	relational database	stores data in separate tables instead of placing all data in one large table.	a method of creating a database using tables of related data, with relationships between the tables.
0	0	relational database	should use this when dealing with complex queries over attributes and large data sets	database in which data is organized into a collection of related tables.
1	0	relational database	stores data in tables that are predefined and contain both rows and columns of information.	two-dimensional database that stores data in predefined tables with rows and columns. it is easy to build, use, and query within the application
1	0	relational database	a database that uses two-dimenstional tables to create relationships among variables in the database tables.	stores data in separate tables instead of placing all data in one large table.
0	0	relational database	a database in which information is organized into separate subject-based tables, and the relationship of the data in one or more tables is used to bring the data together	a database consisting of more than one table where the tables are linked using key fields
3	1	relational database	this contains more than one table and the tables are linked through common fields.	organizes info into tables of records that are related to one another by linking a field in one table to a field in another table with matching data
1	0	relational database	a database model that relates information across multiple tables according to primary and foreign keys.	a type of database that connects tables of records together with complex relationships
3	1	relational database	a database that contains multiple tables related through common fields.	contains multiple tables of information that are related through common fields,
0	0	relational database	consists of information stored in tables (rows and columns). each table stores data about a single type of entity	stores data in tables that consist of rows and columns - each row has a primary key - each column has a unique name
0	0	relational database	should use this when dealing with complex queries over attributes and large data sets	collection of related tables, each contains one entity; the database is self-describing and uses metadata to enforce integrity; must support insert, update, delete, select
3	1	relational database	database type that represents data as two-dimensional tables based on a common data element	represents data as two-dimensional tables called relations.  related data across tables based on common data element
1	0	relational database	one in which data is organized into one or more related tables.	a database consisting of more than one table where the tables are linked using key fields
2	1	relational database	a database that represents data as a collection of tables in which all data relationships are represented by common values in related tables	series of tables in which each table stores a topic of data, but tables can be linked together to ask complex questions.
3	1	relational database	a database that consists of several tables  related to each  other in some form.	the database design that consists of multiple tables that are linked together through matching data stored in each table is called a
2	1	relational database	standard database model most enterprises use. stores data in tables of columns and rows like a spreadsheet	data fields makes up data records which makes up a table and one or more tables makes up a database
2	1	relational database	stores data in predefined tables that contain rows and columns similar to spreadsheet.	data fields makes up data records which makes up a table and one or more tables makes up a database
3	1	relational database	a database that uses two-dimenstional tables to create relationships among variables in the database tables.	a method of creating a database using tables of related data, with relationships between the tables.
0	0	relational database	type of database. it uses a structure that allows us to identify and access data in relation to another piece of data in the database	should use this when dealing with complex queries over attributes and large data sets
1	0	relational database	represents the conceptual and external level schemas as if data are stored in tables	a relational database has multiple tables (relations) with interrelated fields. it is built on the relational model which represents data in a table format with rows and columns.
2	1	relational database	the purpose of a database is to help people keep track of things, and the most commonly used type of database is the relational database. -stores data in tables	organises data using a series of related tables. connections are built between the tables to provide a flexible way of manipulating and combining data.
3	1	relational database	-represents data as two-dimensional tables called relations -relates data across tables based on common data eleent ex) db2, oracle, ms sql server, mysql	database type that represents data as two-dimensional tables based on a common data element
1	0	relational database	a type of database that stores data in predefined tables made up of rows and columns	two-dimensional database that stores data in predefined tables with rows and columns. it is easy to build, use, and query within the application
2	1	relational database	- allows data to be viewed in dynamic ways based on the user's or administrator's needs  - sql is usually used to speak to these databases	allows data to be viewed dynamically based on the users needs.
2	1	relational database	a major type of database that operates by organizing data into various tables based on logical groupings	contains multiple tables with interrelated fields  these databases can create new tables out of requested information in a query  most common structure for databases
1	0	relational database	should use this when dealing with complex queries over attributes and large data sets	organises data using a series of related tables. connections are built between the tables to provide a flexible way of manipulating and combining data.
2	1	relational database	a database that consists of several tables  related to each  other in some form.	a database that organizes data into multiple tables that are related by common fields.
2	1	relational database	made up of tables -tables have columns and rows -rows hold data on a specific entity -column holds a piece of that related data	series of tables in which each table stores a topic of data, but tables can be linked together to ask complex questions.
2	1	relational database	the most common type of database, which consists of multiple tables related by common information.	the most common standard for expressing databases, where tables (files) are related based on common keys; hence the term ''relational''
3	1	relational database	data organized into one or more tables of using columns for properties of data, and rows as individual entities.	store data in tables consisting of columns and rows, similar to the format of a spreadsheet
0	0	relational database	a database system in which the database is organized and accessed according to the relationships between data items without the need for any consideration of physical orientation and relationship.	type of database. it uses a structure that allows us to identify and access data in relation to another piece of data in the database
0	0	relational database	data is stored in tables and new information can be added without the need to reorganize the table itself. these tables can also have multiple parent tables.	a database that uses two-dimenstional tables to create relationships among variables in the database tables.
1	0	relational database	consists of information stored in tables (rows and columns). each table stores data about a single type of entity	two-dimensional database that stores data in predefined tables with rows and columns. it is easy to build, use, and query within the application
3	1	relational database	stores data in tables, using unique identifiers to enable relating records in one table to records in another table	a database consisting of more than one table where the tables are linked using key fields
1	0	relational database	generally implemented as a series of tables, with fields in one table referring to entries in another table.	a database composed of linked tables which have records which are made up of fields. no one table has all the information about a record.
1	0	relational database	a database that consists of several tables  related to each  other in some form.	a major type of database that operates by organizing data into various tables based on logical groupings
1	0	relational database	uses a series of logically related two-dimensional tables or files to store information in the form of a database	stores information in the form of logically related two-dimensional tables
1	0	relational database	a database in which information is organized into separate subject-based tables, and the relationship of the data in one or more tables is used to bring the data together	a database where all data visible to users is organised strictly as tables of data values and where all database operations work on these tables
3	1	relational database	series of logically related two-dimensional tables or files for storing information	usees a series of logically related two-dimensional tables or files to store information in the form of a database.
2	1	relational database	incorporates multiple tables with methods for the tables to work together	organizes info into tables of records that are related to one another by linking a field in one table to a field in another table with matching data
2	1	relational database	organize data into structured tables; different tables are related or linked based on common attributes	stores attribute data. a collection of tables which can be connected to each other by attributes whose values can uniquely identify a record
3	1	relational database	stores information in the form of logically related two-dimensional tables	a database that uses a series of logically related 2-dimensional tables or files to store info.
1	0	relational database	a database that consists of several tables  related to each  other in some form.	contains multiple tables with interrelated fields  these databases can create new tables out of requested information in a query  most common structure for databases
3	1	relational database	database type that represents data as two-dimensional tables based on a common data element	- represents data as two-dimensional tables called relations - relates data across tables based on common data element (primary and foreign key) - examples: db2, oracle, ms sql server, mysql
1	0	relational database	data organized into one or more tables of using columns for properties of data, and rows as individual entities.	tables with rows &  columns
1	0	relational database	a database in which information is organized into separate subject-based tables, and the relationship of the data in one or more tables is used to bring the data together	stores data in tables, using unique identifiers to enable relating records in one table to records in another table
2	1	relational database	a set of relations with distinct names	a collection of related relations in which each relation has a unique name  operational/transactional databases
3	1	relational database	generally implemented as a series of tables, with fields in one table referring to entries in another table.	this contains more than one table and the tables are linked through common fields.
1	0	relational database	stores data in tables joined in ways that can represent many different relationships among the data.	contains many tables of data connected together through key fields.
1	0	relational database	a major type of database that operates by organizing data into various tables based on logical groupings	a database in which data is separated into tables of related records. in access, a database includes a collection of objects-tables, queries, reports, forms, and other objects
2	1	relational database	data is stored in tables and new information can be added without the need to reorganize the table itself. these tables can also have multiple parent tables.	a method of creating a database using tables of related data, with relationships between the tables.
2	1	relational database	stores data in tables that are predefined and contain both rows and columns of information.	tables with rows &  columns
0	0	relational database	&"allows the user to specify information about multiple tables and the relationship between those tables&"	data is stored in tables and any new info is automatically added to table
1	0	relational database	files are related based on common keys	the most common type of database, which consists of multiple tables related by common information.
0	0	relational database	should use this when dealing with complex queries over attributes and large data sets	the purpose of a database is to help people keep track of things, and the most commonly used type of database is the relational database. -stores data in tables
0	0	relational database	a type of database that stores data in predefined tables made up of rows and columns	tables with rows &  columns
2	1	relational database	stores data in tables, using unique identifiers to enable relating records in one table to records in another table	it is a collective set of multiple data sets (two or more tables) organized by tables, records and columns. each table is linked using primary key and foreign key.
1	0	relational database	contains multiple tables with interrelated fields  these databases can create new tables out of requested information in a query  most common structure for databases	a database in which data is separated into tables of related records. in access, a database includes a collection of objects-tables, queries, reports, forms, and other objects
3	1	relational database	stores data in tables that are predefined and contain both rows and columns of information. typically considered to be two demensional as it contains rows and columns	stores data in predefined tables that contain rows &  columns of information (considered to be two-dimensional)
1	0	relational database	a database where all data visible to users is organised strictly as tables of data values and where all database operations work on these tables	a database consisting of more than one table where the tables are linked using key fields
2	1	relational database	stores data in tables joined in ways that can represent many different relationships among the data.	contains many tables of data that relate to one another through a series of special key fields
3	1	relational database	stores data in tables that are predefined and contain both rows and columns of information. typically considered to be two demensional as it contains rows and columns	stores data in tables that are predefined and contain both rows and columns of information. typically a relational database is considered to be two-dimensional as it contains rows and columns.
0	0	relational database	a type of database that stores data in predefined tables made up of rows and columns	consists of information stored in tables (rows and columns). each table stores data about a single type of entity
1	0	relational database	relational data model represents the  conceptual  and  external  level schemas as if data are stored in  tables	a relational database has multiple tables (relations) with interrelated fields. it is built on the relational model which represents data in a table format with rows and columns.
2	1	relational database	made up of tables -tables have columns and rows -rows hold data on a specific entity -column holds a piece of that related data	a collection of related tables (called relations) stored in the same file.
3	1	relational database	-represents data as two-dimensional tables called relations -relates data across tables based on common data eleent ex) db2, oracle, ms sql server, mysql	- represents data as two-dimensional tables called relations - relates data across tables based on common data element (primary and foreign key) - examples: db2, oracle, ms sql server, mysql
0	0	relational database	a database system in which the database is organized and accessed according to the relationships between data items without the need for any consideration of physical orientation and relationship.	should use this when dealing with complex queries over attributes and large data sets
2	1	relational database	this contains more than one table and the tables are linked through common fields.	the most popular database model. uses several tables to join information by showing how the data in one table relates to the data in other tables
2	1	relational database	collection of related tables, each contains one entity; the database is self-describing and uses metadata to enforce integrity; must support insert, update, delete, select	database in which data is organized into a collection of related tables.
3	1	relational database	-represents data as two-dimensional tables called relations -relates data across tables based on common data eleent ex) db2, oracle, ms sql server, mysql	represents data as two-dimensional tables called relations.  related data across tables based on common data element
2	1	relational database	store data in tables consisting of columns and rows, similar to the format of a spreadsheet	tables with rows &  columns
0	0	relational database	- a simple, but useful way to organize data into collection of 2d called relations - each row is an entity and each column is an attribute	is a database that contains structured data, meaning that contains a series of predefined tables and columns. these tables relate to each other via primary/foreign key relationships.
2	1	relational database	generally implemented as a series of tables, with fields in one table referring to entries in another table.	the most popular database model. uses several tables to join information by showing how the data in one table relates to the data in other tables
0	0	relational database	the purpose of a database is to help people keep track of things, and the most commonly used type of database is the relational database. -stores data in tables	database in which data is organized into a collection of related tables.
2	1	relational database	a type of database that stores data in predefined tables made up of rows and columns	store data in tables consisting of columns and rows, similar to the format of a spreadsheet
2	1	relational database	a database that represents data as a collection of tables in which all data relationships are represented by common values in related tables	made up of tables -tables have columns and rows -rows hold data on a specific entity -column holds a piece of that related data
1	0	relational database	a database system in which the database is organized and accessed according to the relationships between data items without the need for any consideration of physical orientation and relationship.	the purpose of a database is to help people keep track of things, and the most commonly used type of database is the relational database. -stores data in tables
2	1	relational database	&"allows the user to specify information about multiple tables and the relationship between those tables&"	a database that uses two-dimenstional tables to create relationships among variables in the database tables.
1	0	relational database	type of database. it uses a structure that allows us to identify and access data in relation to another piece of data in the database	organises data using a series of related tables. connections are built between the tables to provide a flexible way of manipulating and combining data.
2	1	relational database	a database in which data is separated into tables of related records. in access, a database includes a collection of objects-tables, queries, reports, forms, and other objects	the database design that consists of multiple tables that are linked together through matching data stored in each table is called a
3	1	relational database	contains many tables of data that relate to one another through a series of special key fields	contains many tables of data connected together through key fields.
1	0	relational database	collection of related tables, each contains one entity; the database is self-describing and uses metadata to enforce integrity; must support insert, update, delete, select	organises data using a series of related tables. connections are built between the tables to provide a flexible way of manipulating and combining data.
1	0	relational database	a database where all data visible to users is organised strictly as tables of data values and where all database operations work on these tables	one in which data is organized into one or more related tables.
2	1	relational database	data is stored in one or more tables that consists of row and columns	predictable and organized, with tables containing columns and rows of text or numerical data
1	0	relational database	consists of information stored in tables (rows and columns). each table stores data about a single type of entity	store data in tables consisting of columns and rows, similar to the format of a spreadsheet
2	1	relational database	incorporates multiple tables with methods for the tables to work together	this contains more than one table and the tables are linked through common fields.
1	0	relational database	data is stored in tables and new information can be added without the need to reorganize the table itself. these tables can also have multiple parent tables.	stores data in separate tables instead of placing all data in one large table.
1	0	relational database	follows structures of flat file and adds relationship of hierarchical db (tables broken to each theme) uses unique identifier	a group of database tables that are linked by a defined relationship.
1	0	relational database	contains multiple tables with interrelated fields  these databases can create new tables out of requested information in a query  most common structure for databases	the database design that consists of multiple tables that are linked together through matching data stored in each table is called a
3	1	relational database	the most common standard for expressing databases, whereby tables (files) are related based on common keys.	the most common standard for expressing databases, where tables (files) are related based on common keys; hence the term ''relational''
1	0	relational database	a database system in which the database is organized and accessed according to the relationships between data items without the need for any consideration of physical orientation and relationship.	organises data using a series of related tables. connections are built between the tables to provide a flexible way of manipulating and combining data.
0	0	relational database	tables with rows &  columns	stores data in tables that consist of rows and columns - each row has a primary key - each column has a unique name
1	0	relational database	it is a collective set of multiple data sets (two or more tables) organized by tables, records and columns. each table is linked using primary key and foreign key.	a database where all data visible to users is organised strictly as tables of data values and where all database operations work on these tables
3	1	real-time systems	provide real-time information in response to requests -use to uncover key corporate transactional info	provide real-time information in response to requests. many organizations use real-time systems to uncover key corporate transactional information
0	0	graph theory	a branch of mathematics used to analyze social networks  uses notations, visual graphs and theorems	a mathematical field of study concerned with the visual and quantitative relationships between points and lines in a graph.
1	0	graph theory	is the study of graphs, which are mathematical structures used to model pairwise relations between objects	the underlying mathematical principles behind the use of graphs.
3	1	initial state	what we know before we try to solve a problem	this refers to what is known about the problem before one attempts to solve it.
2	1	initial state	state in which agent starts in	starting point of an agent's path to a potential solution/conclusion
2	1	initial state	represented by a solid black dot in a stm diagram.	shown as a small filled in circle and represent the point at which an object begins to exist
2	1	state machine	a binary relation on a set, except that the elements of the set are called &"states&". the relation is called the transition relation.	a model of behavior composed of a finite number of states, transitions, and actions
1	0	state machine	events are external factors responsible for state change.	it defines the sequence of states an object goes through in response to events.
3	1	multiple channels	exists when a firm develops two or more separate and distinct distribution channels. (it can increase market coverage or reach new market segments)	exist when a firm develops two or more separate and distinct distribution channels to increase market coverage or reach new market segments or to distribute new products
0	0	incomplete information	some part of the structure of the game (players, payoffs, or actions) is unknown.	situations in which an author does not provide all the facts or details related to an argument.
0	0	incomplete information	- insider trading, certification, truth in lending, truth in advertising, contract enforcement - transactions between two people and one has knowledge that the other doesn't have	managers don't see all alt and decide based on incomplete info;  exists due to uncertainty &  risk, ambiguous info; time constraints &  info costs
1	0	product lines	groups of associated items, such as those that consumers use together or think of as part of a group of similar products	refers to a set of related offerings that function in a similar manner, are sold to the same target customers, and/or distributed through the same channels
0	0	product lines	more product lines or unrelated product lines makes direct channels more difficult	refers to a set of related offerings that function in a similar manner, are sold to the same target customers, and/or distributed through the same channels
1	0	graceful degradation	&"best guesses&" for noisy, incomplete, or misleading information	missing information or incorrect information does not interfere
0	0	graceful degradation	small amounts of damage to networks doesn't severely impartial performance	when we lose neurons memories begin to blur and one memory starts to get confused with another
0	0	graceful degradation	adding noise to the pdp system results in decreasing performance very similar to semantic dementia	degraded input, problems with links, or damage to nodes typically does not bankrupt the system. often leads to impaired, but interpretable, performance
2	1	graceful degradation	the backward-compatibility of code, when new browsers support old features.	describes the backward-compatibility of code, needed for older browsers to support newer html features.
1	0	graceful degradation	the backward-compatibility of code, when new browsers support old features.	a term used to describe the backward-compatibility of code in which older or non-compatible browsers will render an acceptable substitute if they do no support the newer code.
3	1	facial expressions	facial gestures that convey emotions and attitudes	the way a character's face communicates mood, attitude, or emotions.
0	0	facial expressions	direct eye contact if culturally appropriate, warmth and concern reflected, and varied facial expressions	people with damage have inference with voluntary expression and potential to develop loss of spontaneous facial expression (ie parkinson's → person with disease usually has a masked face)
0	0	facial expressions	-there seem to be some universally understood -people in other studies have more accuracy judging emotions from their own culture	the way a character's face communicates mood, attitude, or emotions.
0	0	facial expressions	-there seem to be some universally understood -people in other studies have more accuracy judging emotions from their own culture	facial gestures that convey emotions and attitudes
1	0	test data	data created or selected to satisfy the execution preconditions and inputs to execute one or more test cases	data that exists before a test is executed, and that affects or is affected by system under test.
0	0	test data	data created or selected to satisfy the execution preconditions and inputs to execute one or more test cases	the data used in unit testing. test data should contain both correct data and erroneous data and should test all possible situations that could occur.
2	1	test data	data that exists before a test is executed, and that affects or is affected by system under test.	the data used in unit testing. test data should contain both correct data and erroneous data and should test all possible situations that could occur.
1	0	test data	data that exists (for example, in a database) before a test is executed, and that affects or is affected by the component or system under test.	data used to test a program functions correctly
1	0	test data	input to test the program always test bellow, on and above the value &"decision coverage testing&"	a set of values used by the programmer to test if the program works correctly.
1	0	test data	an application program that is given test data which computes results that are already known.	uses the clients application program to process a set of test data offline (results are already known)
2	1	test data	the sample of data used to provide an unbiased evaluation of a final model fit on the training dataset.	data used for assessing the performance of the algorithm
1	0	test data	data used after a model is built to assess how well the model works given additional data.  data instances used to test models built with supervised learning.	simulated data used by the auditor with errors and no errors, the auditor puts the data through the system to see if it works
1	0	test data	data used for assessing the performance of the algorithm	data used as a reference when creating a predictive model
1	0	test data	data used after a model is built to assess how well the model works given additional data.  data instances used to test models built with supervised learning.	data sets reserved to evaluate the performance of data mining models typically, randomly chosen 1/3 of original data sets
0	0	test data	input values that test the programs boundaries (each part of domain, endpoints, out-of-range)	a representative set of data used because not every possible input value can be tested. should include typical values in each part of the domain, endpoint values, and out-of-range values
1	0	test data	the sample of data used to provide an unbiased evaluation of a final model fit on the training dataset.	data used as a reference when creating a predictive model
1	0	test data	data used to test a program functions correctly	the data used in unit testing. test data should contain both correct data and erroneous data and should test all possible situations that could occur.
2	1	test data	data that exists (for example, in a database) before a test is executed, and that affects or is affected by the component or system under test.	data that exists before a test is executed, and that affects or is affected by system under test.
1	0	test data	data sets reserved to evaluate the performance of data mining models typically, randomly chosen 1/3 of original data sets	simulated data used by the auditor with errors and no errors, the auditor puts the data through the system to see if it works
2	1	test data	data that exists (for example, in a database) before a test is executed, and that affects or is affected by the component or system under test.	the data used in unit testing. test data should contain both correct data and erroneous data and should test all possible situations that could occur.
0	0	test data	input values that test the programs boundaries (each part of domain, endpoints, out-of-range)	representative set of data points w/ values in: each part of domain (in btw #s) endpoint values out of range values
0	0	test data	input to test the program always test bellow, on and above the value &"decision coverage testing&"	a set of starting states and events used to test a module, group of modules, or entire system
2	1	test data	how to test an algorithm by putting data that tests the boundaries of your algorithm, so that you can see if it actually works	values used to test a program, including normal, boundary erroneous values.
2	1	test data	data used to test a program functions correctly	data that exists before a test is executed, and that affects or is affected by system under test.
2	1	test data	data that exists (for example, in a database) before a test is executed, and that affects or is affected by the component or system under test.	data created or selected to satisfy the execution preconditions and inputs to execute one or more test cases
2	1	database schema	the structure of a database that is described by the use of one or more schema	structure of database; representation of the design of a database; composed of integrity constraints; is metadata
1	0	database schema	logical struc of db instance - snapshot of data in db at given instant in time	the description of a database, includes descriptions of db structure, data types and the constraints on the database
1	0	database schema	the design on which a database and its associated applications are built	description of the database specified during database design phase.
2	1	database schema	description of a database including its entities, data types, relationships, and constraints	description of a database   designed for a given set of applications and users by analyzing requirements  specified during database design and not expected to change frequently.
1	0	database schema	description of a database including structure &  constraints	it is a description of the database using a specific data model.
0	0	database schema	it is a description of the database using a specific data model.	description of a database; includes descr of database stucture, data types, and the constraints on the database; changes infrequently
2	1	database schema	a description of the data and the organization of the data into tables in a relational database.	the description of a database.  includes descriptions of the database structure, data types, and the constraints on the database
2	1	database schema	the overall design, or description of a database	the description of a database.  includes descriptions of the database structure, data types, and the constraints on the database
1	0	database schema	the overall design, or description of a database	description of a database; includes descr of database stucture, data types, and the constraints on the database; changes infrequently
2	1	database schema	description of a database including structure &  constraints	description of the database structure, data types, and the constraints on the database.
2	1	database schema	the overall design, or description of a database	it is a description of the database using a specific data model.
1	0	database schema	description of a database including its entities, data types, relationships, and constraints	description of database specified during design doesn't change frequently
0	0	database schema	the description of a database.  includes descriptions of the database structure, data types, and the constraints on the database	it is a description of the database using a specific data model.
1	0	database schema	a description of the data and the organization of the data into tables in a relational database.	description of the database structure, data types, and the constraints on the database.
1	0	database schema	design of a database. defines the variable declarations in tables that belong to a particular database;	the description of database specified at the creation of database  not expected to change very often
0	0	database schema	a description of the data and the organization of the data into tables in a relational database.	description of a database including structure &  constraints
2	1	database schema	the overall design, or description of a database	description of a database including structure &  constraints
0	0	database schema	design of a database. defines the variable declarations in tables that belong to a particular database;	description of database specified during design doesn't change frequently
3	1	database schema	the description of a database.  includes descriptions of the database structure, data types, and the constraints on the database	description of a database; includes descr of database stucture, data types, and the constraints on the database; changes infrequently
1	0	database schema	this can be referred as the blueprint of how a database is constructed. it contains all the integrity constraints imposed on the database.	description of a a database, generally stable
2	1	database schema	a description of the data and the organization of the data into tables in a relational database.	description of a database; includes descr of database stucture, data types, and the constraints on the database; changes infrequently
1	0	database schema	design of a database. defines the variable declarations in tables that belong to a particular database;	description of a database   designed for a given set of applications and users by analyzing requirements  specified during database design and not expected to change frequently.
2	1	database schema	this can be referred as the blueprint of how a database is constructed. it contains all the integrity constraints imposed on the database.	structure of database; representation of the design of a database; composed of integrity constraints; is metadata
2	1	database schema	it is a description of the database using a specific data model.	description of the database structure, data types, and the constraints on the database.
1	0	database schema	description of a a database, generally stable	the structure of a database that is described by the use of one or more schema
2	1	database schema	description of a database including its entities, data types, relationships, and constraints	the description of database specified at the creation of database  not expected to change very often
3	1	database schema	description of the database structure, data types, and the constraints on the database.	description of a database; includes descr of database stucture, data types, and the constraints on the database; changes infrequently
1	0	database schema	description of a a database, generally stable	structure of database; representation of the design of a database; composed of integrity constraints; is metadata
1	0	database schema	this can be referred as the blueprint of how a database is constructed. it contains all the integrity constraints imposed on the database.	the structure of a database that is described by the use of one or more schema
2	1	database schema	the overall design, or description of a database	description of the database structure, data types, and the constraints on the database.
0	0	database schema	a graphic that documents the data model and shows the tables, attributes, keys, and logical relationships for a database.	declaration of entities and relationships of a database
3	1	database schema	the description of a database.  includes descriptions of the database structure, data types, and the constraints on the database	description of a database including structure &  constraints
1	0	database schema	graphically shows tables, attributes, keys and logical relationships	a graphic that documents the data model and shows the tables, attributes, keys, and logical relationships for a database.
0	0	database applications	- forms - storage for a collection of information - reports - gains &  losses reports - queries - application programs	a collection of forms, reports, queries, and application programs that process a database
2	1	database applications	a collection of forms, reports, queries, and application programs that process a database	refers to a particular database and the associated programs that implement the database queries and updates.
1	0	wireless communication	data transmission that uses radio frequencies instead of cabling.	a type of communication in which signals are transmitted over a distance without the use of a physical medium
2	1	wireless communication	devices can use wireless connectivity to communicate with each other. there are many types of wireless communication: 🔸wi-fi 🔸bluetooth 🔸3g and 4g 🔸infra-red (ir) 🔸near-field communication (nfc)	the transmission of user data between devices without the use of wires.
1	0	wireless communication	devices can use wireless connectivity to communicate with each other. there are many types of wireless communication: 🔸wi-fi 🔸bluetooth 🔸3g and 4g 🔸infra-red (ir) 🔸near-field communication (nfc)	data communication method that does not require physical connections among devices that use it.
3	1	wireless communication	refers to any type of computer network whose interconnections between modes is implemented without the use of wires.	is defined as the transmission of digital data while connected to some type of data network, without the use of wires.
3	1	wireless communication	data communication method that does not require physical connections among devices that use it.	is defined as the transmission of digital data while connected to some type of data network, without the use of wires.
1	0	wireless communication	devices can use wireless connectivity to communicate with each other. there are many types of wireless communication: 🔸wi-fi 🔸bluetooth 🔸3g and 4g 🔸infra-red (ir) 🔸near-field communication (nfc)	is defined as the transmission of digital data while connected to some type of data network, without the use of wires.
3	1	wireless communication	refers to any type of computer network whose interconnections between modes is implemented without the use of wires.	the transmission of user data between devices without the use of wires.
2	1	wireless communication	refers to any type of computer network whose interconnections between modes is implemented without the use of wires.	data communication method that does not require physical connections among devices that use it.
2	1	traffic patterns	the paths people follow around a room	- the paths people take as they move through a room - drawn in lines or arrows
1	0	run time	the amount of time needed to execute an algorithm.	time it takes to run the system (accounts for variable cost)
0	0	run time	time required to perform the task	the amount of time needed to execute an algorithm.
1	0	memory size	- byte is a basic storage unit in memory - memory and storage devices size is measured in kb, mb, gb or tb	the amount of addressable memory that can be located
0	0	memory size	- byte is a basic storage unit in memory - memory and storage devices size is measured in kb, mb, gb or tb	is the maximum or minimum amount of memory a computer or hardware device is capable of having or the required amount of memory required for a program to run
0	0	memory size	is the maximum or minimum amount of memory a computer or hardware device is capable of having or the required amount of memory required for a program to run	the amount of addressable memory that can be located
1	0	memory size	bit - single piece of data. byte - 8 bits. kilobyte - 1024 bytes. megabyte- 1024 kilobytes. gigabyte - 1024 megabytes. terabyte - 1024 gigabytes.	measured in kilobytes (kb or k), megabytes (mb), gigabytes (gb), or terabytes (tb) dung luong bo nho
0	0	content analysis	an analysis of the different types of content found within or represented by a set of data	a method of analysis that is used when written or spoken record is to be analyzed for occurrence of specific categories, events or behavior
3	1	content analysis	a scoring procedure for open-ended questions in which the researcher counts specific words or themes in a participant's responses	we score a participants written or spoken answer by counting specified types of responses
0	0	content analysis	the systematic description of form and content of written, spoken, or visual materials expressed in themes, patterns, and counted occurrences of words, phrases, images, or concepts	coding the participants' answers into categories so you can count how often specific reasons were mentioned
0	0	content analysis	is a procedure that helps researchers identify themes and relevant issues often contained in media messages.	an analysis of the different types of content found within or represented by a set of data
0	0	content analysis	systematic, replicable technique for compressing many words of text into fewer content categories based on explicit rules of coding	an analysis of the different types of content found within or represented by a set of data
1	0	content analysis	transforming qualitative material (such as narrative writing or audiotapes) into quantitative data or qualitative generalizations	a form of indirect observation, studying artefacts, can be quantative or qualitative
2	1	content analysis	definition a method in which researchers identify and study specific variables or themes that appear in a text, image, or media message (page 55)	a method in which researchers identify and study specific variables- such as words- in a text, image, or media message
2	1	content analysis	a method of analysis that is used when written or spoken record is to be analyzed for occurrence of specific categories, events or behavior	involves going through auditory or visual material to find key terms or instances to generate categories that are coded.
0	0	content analysis	is a procedure that helps researchers identify themes and relevant issues often contained in media messages.	research method used to measure number of times a behaviour or event occurs within one or several forms of media
3	1	content analysis	an objective, systematic and quantitative description of media content, does not allow us to know the effects on people	-objective, systematic, and quantitative assessment of media content. -does not allow us to make inferences about the effects of the media
0	0	content analysis	an analysis of the different types of content found within or represented by a set of data	the systematic description of form and content of written, spoken, or visual materials expressed in themes, patterns, and counted occurrences of words, phrases, images, or concepts
2	1	content analysis	score a participants written/spoken answer by counting specified types of responses ex:3 of times a word is said, feeling, particular perspective, pos/neg responses	-scoring of responses by counting the # of times a certain word, feeling, or perspective occurs -increases reliability of scoring open-ended questions
0	0	content analysis	an analysis of the different types of content found within or represented by a set of data	research method used to measure number of times a behaviour or event occurs within one or several forms of media
3	1	content analysis	only describes media content, it does not allow us to make inferences about the content	this research method can describe media contents, but it can't discuss effects
1	0	content analysis	systematic, replicable technique for compressing many words of text into fewer content categories based on explicit rules of coding	involves going through auditory or visual material to find key terms or instances to generate categories that are coded.
2	1	content analysis	a scoring procedure for open-ended questions in which the researcher counts specific words or themes in a participant's responses	-scoring of responses by counting the # of times a certain word, feeling, or perspective occurs -increases reliability of scoring open-ended questions
1	0	content analysis	the process of extracting, organizing, and synthesizing material from documents, often the narrative data from a qualitative study, according to key concepts and themes.	method for systematically analyzing and making inferences from text
0	0	content analysis	-using acquired data in meaningful ways -studying digital text, photos, audio or visual formats of communication to further understand customers -sentiment vs. text analysis	examination of digital text, photos, audio or visual formats of communication
3	1	content analysis	an empirical research method used to observe the structure and content of messages, such as those presented through the media	an examination of the structure and content of messages, particularly those in media (textual research)
0	0	content analysis	an examination of the structure and content of messages, particularly those in media (textual research)	the study of human artifacts; it is best suited for questions of how media content affects those who use it.
2	1	content analysis	is a procedure that helps researchers identify themes and relevant issues often contained in media messages.	a method of analysis that is used when written or spoken record is to be analyzed for occurrence of specific categories, events or behavior
1	0	content analysis	systematic, replicable technique for compressing many words of text into fewer content categories based on explicit rules of coding	the systematic description of form and content of written, spoken, or visual materials expressed in themes, patterns, and counted occurrences of words, phrases, images, or concepts
2	1	content analysis	research method used to measure number of times a behaviour or event occurs within one or several forms of media	a method of analysis that is used when written or spoken record is to be analyzed for occurrence of specific categories, events or behavior
0	0	content analysis	an empirical research method used to observe the structure and content of messages, such as those presented through the media	the study of human artifacts; it is best suited for questions of how media content affects those who use it.
3	1	content analysis	news stories in a communitys media outlet to determine how frequently issues are covered	count news stories in community's media outlets to determine the frequency of coverage for different issues
3	1	content analysis	the objective, systematic, and quantitative description of media conetnt	objective, systematic, and quantitative assessment of media content, describes media content
3	1	content analysis	a methodology for the objective systematic and quantitative description of the manifest content of communication	content analysis is a research technique for the objective, systematic, and quantitative description of the manifest content communication.
0	0	content analysis	systematic, replicable technique for compressing many words of text into fewer content categories based on explicit rules of coding	a method of analysis that is used when written or spoken record is to be analyzed for occurrence of specific categories, events or behavior
1	0	content analysis	qualititative methodology that allows researchers to quantify content including that of participant responses or media texts	the study of human artifacts; it is best suited for questions of how media content affects those who use it.
0	0	content analysis	systematic, replicable technique for compressing many words of text into fewer content categories based on explicit rules of coding	coding the participants' answers into categories so you can count how often specific reasons were mentioned
1	0	content analysis	can describe the nature of content but not effects, can only talk about the content	describes the nature of the content
1	0	content analysis	studies specific media messages	in social science research, a method for studying and coding media texts and programs
3	1	content analysis	a quantitative research method used to examine the content and structure of messages, especially those in the media.	an examination of the structure and content of messages, particularly those in media (textual research)
1	0	content analysis	is the most strait forward type of policy analysis. it is a technique for systematically describing written, spoken or visual communication. it provides a quantitative (numerical) description.	method for systematically analyzing and making inferences from text
1	0	content analysis	analyze spoken, written or visual records for the occurrence of specific categories of events  -response categories must be clearly defined  -can not establish causality	coding the participants' answers into categories so you can count how often specific reasons were mentioned
0	0	content analysis	systematic, replicable technique for compressing many words of text into fewer content categories based on explicit rules of coding	research method used to measure number of times a behaviour or event occurs within one or several forms of media
1	0	content analysis	analyze spoken, written or visual records for the occurrence of specific categories of events  -response categories must be clearly defined  -can not establish causality	research method used to measure number of times a behaviour or event occurs within one or several forms of media
1	0	content analysis	is a procedure that helps researchers identify themes and relevant issues often contained in media messages.	analyze spoken, written or visual records for the occurrence of specific categories of events  -response categories must be clearly defined  -can not establish causality
0	0	content analysis	a method of transforming the contents of documents from a qualitative, unsystematic form to a quantitative, systematic form	a form of indirect observation, studying artefacts, can be quantative or qualitative
1	0	content analysis	-scoring of responses by counting the # of times a certain word, feeling, or perspective occurs -increases reliability of scoring open-ended questions	we score a participants written or spoken answer by counting specified types of responses
1	0	content analysis	-objective, systematic, and quantitative assessment of media content. -does not allow us to make inferences about the effects of the media	objective, systematic, and quantitative assessment of media content, describes media content
3	1	content analysis	the systematic, objective, and quantitative study of media content	objective, systematic and quantitative assessment of media content
0	0	content analysis	the process of extracting, organizing, and synthesizing material from documents, often the narrative data from a qualitative study, according to key concepts and themes.	study of recorded human communication; includes detailed, systematic analysis of &"text&" to identify patterns or themes
3	1	content analysis	an objective, systematic and quantitative description of media content, does not allow us to know the effects on people	- objective, systematic and quantitative assessment of media content  - describes media content - does not allow us to make inferences about the effects of media
1	0	content analysis	an objective, systematic and quantitative description of media content, does not allow us to know the effects on people	objective, systematic, and quantitative assessment of media content, describes media content
1	0	content analysis	qualititative methodology that allows researchers to quantify content including that of participant responses or media texts	an empirical research method used to observe the structure and content of messages, such as those presented through the media
0	0	content analysis	translating media and visual images into numerical form for statistical analysis  descriptive method; broad patterns	a type of observational study in which behavior is usually observed indirectly in visual, written or verbal material. may involve either qualitative or quantitative analysis, or both.
1	0	content analysis	a method of analysis that is used when written or spoken record is to be analyzed for occurrence of specific categories, events or behavior	coding the participants' answers into categories so you can count how often specific reasons were mentioned
0	0	content analysis	is the most strait forward type of policy analysis. it is a technique for systematically describing written, spoken or visual communication. it provides a quantitative (numerical) description.	study of recorded human communication; includes detailed, systematic analysis of &"text&" to identify patterns or themes
3	1	content analysis	-objective, systematic, and quantitative assessment of media content. -does not allow us to make inferences about the effects of the media	- objective, systematic and quantitative assessment of media content  - describes media content - does not allow us to make inferences about the effects of media
1	0	content analysis	studies specific media messages	in social science research, a method for studying &  coding media texts &  programs. (ex: counting how many times a violent event is occurring).
1	0	content analysis	research method used to measure number of times a behaviour or event occurs within one or several forms of media	coding the participants' answers into categories so you can count how often specific reasons were mentioned
0	0	content analysis	an analysis of the different types of content found within or represented by a set of data	coding the participants' answers into categories so you can count how often specific reasons were mentioned
0	0	content analysis	an analysis of the different types of content found within or represented by a set of data	involves going through auditory or visual material to find key terms or instances to generate categories that are coded.
3	1	content analysis	a quantitative research method used to examine the content and structure of messages, especially those in the media.	an empirical research method used to observe the structure and content of messages, such as those presented through the media
1	0	content analysis	a research technique that enables the indirect study of behaviour by examining communications that people produce, or example, in texts, emails, tv, film and other media.	a systematic analysis of the content rather than the structure of a communication, such as a written work, speech, or film
0	0	content analysis	is the most strait forward type of policy analysis. it is a technique for systematically describing written, spoken or visual communication. it provides a quantitative (numerical) description.	the process of extracting, organizing, and synthesizing material from documents, often the narrative data from a qualitative study, according to key concepts and themes.
1	0	content analysis	research method used to measure number of times a behaviour or event occurs within one or several forms of media	involves going through auditory or visual material to find key terms or instances to generate categories that are coded.
1	0	content analysis	analyze spoken, written or visual records for the occurrence of specific categories of events  -response categories must be clearly defined  -can not establish causality	the systematic description of form and content of written, spoken, or visual materials expressed in themes, patterns, and counted occurrences of words, phrases, images, or concepts
0	0	content analysis	is a procedure that helps researchers identify themes and relevant issues often contained in media messages.	systematic, replicable technique for compressing many words of text into fewer content categories based on explicit rules of coding
1	0	content analysis	a method of transforming the contents of documents from a qualitative, unsystematic form to a quantitative, systematic form	transforming qualitative material (such as narrative writing or audiotapes) into quantitative data or qualitative generalizations
2	1	content analysis	systematic method of coding and measuring media content	research that involves systematically coding and measuring media content
1	0	content analysis	is a procedure that helps researchers identify themes and relevant issues often contained in media messages.	involves going through auditory or visual material to find key terms or instances to generate categories that are coded.
2	1	categorical data	consists of names or labels not numbers that represent counts or measurements.	consists of names or labels (represents categories); will not include numbers representing counts and will not include measurements
1	0	categorical data	qualitative data which can be allocated to specific groups. may be nominal data (named), ordinal data (ordered), or dichotomous (present/absent).	qualitative data is also called....
1	0	categorical data	variables that have categories ex-fav color/shoe size, cannot be measurable, no units	data for which each piece of data fits into exactly one of several different groups or categories. also called qualitative data.
2	1	categorical data	data representing counts or number of observations in each category	data that classifies observations without quantitative meaning (for example, colors of cars) or where quantitative amounts are categorized (for example, &"0-10, 11-20, ...&").
1	0	categorical data	data that can be sorted or divided by type than by numerical values	data that falls into categories.
2	1	categorical data	data that represents the attributes of a group of people, events, or objects	a set of data is categorical if values or observations belonging to it can be sorted into different categories
2	1	categorical data	reflect different types, not differing amounts no inherent value must be mutually exclusive, exhaustive, and equivalent	descriptive (qualitative), no numerical value  each individual data point is assigned to a group or category  there is no rank or oder to the categories
3	1	categorical data	data where the values are categories. for example, the breeds of 10 different dogs, another example is the colors of 100 different flowers.	data for which each piece of data fits into exactly one of several different groups or categories. also called qualitative data.
0	0	categorical data	used to find percentages	data where the values are categories. for example, the breeds of 10 different dogs, another example is the colors of 100 different flowers.
2	1	categorical data	data that can be sorted or divided by type rather than by numerical values (given labels rather than being measured numerically)	data that classifies observations without quantitative meaning (for example, colors of cars) or where quantitative amounts are categorized (for example, &"0-10, 11-20, ...&").
3	1	categorical data	data that falls into categories.	data that can be sorted or divided by type (into categories) rather than by numerical values ex: bar graph, circle graph, pictograph
2	1	categorical data	qualitative data is also called....	data that can be sorted or divided by type (into categories) rather than by numerical values ex: bar graph, circle graph, pictograph
1	0	categorical data	data that can be sorted or divided by type than by numerical values	data that represents the attributes of a group of people, events, or objects
3	1	categorical data	word variables that fall into categories e.g. hair colour	variables that have categories ex-fav color/shoe size, cannot be measurable, no units
2	1	categorical data	data that can be sorted or divided by type than by numerical values	- qualitative data - data that can be sorted into distinct groups or categories - two main types of categorical data is ordinal data and nominal data
0	0	categorical data	data that falls into categories.	- qualitative data - data that can be sorted into distinct groups or categories - two main types of categorical data is ordinal data and nominal data
2	1	categorical data	data that can be sorted or divided by type rather than by numerical values (given labels rather than being measured numerically)	is a type of data consisting of categorical variables or that has been converted into a different form of data. eg of categorical variables are race, sex, gender etc
0	0	categorical data	data that represents the attributes of a group of people, events, or objects	data that can be sorted or divided by type (into categories) rather than by numerical values ex: bar graph, circle graph, pictograph
2	1	categorical data	a set of data is categorical if values or observations belonging to it can be sorted into different categories	data that can be sorted or divided by type (into categories) rather than by numerical values ex: bar graph, circle graph, pictograph
3	1	categorical data	data that consists of names, labels, or other nonnumerical values, qualitative.	data that consists of non numeric information
2	1	categorical data	word variables that fall into categories e.g. hair colour	data for which each piece of data fits into exactly one of several different groups or categories. also called qualitative data.
3	1	categorical data	data that can be grouped into specific categories aka qualitative variables - can be ordinal or nominal	non-numerical data that can be grouped into categories
0	0	categorical data	data representing counts or number of observations in each category	data that consists of variables that denote groupings or labels.
1	0	categorical data	represent differing kinds rather than amounts (gender, marital status, or breed of dog, etc.)	- represented/reported as percentages - categorical means there is more than two groups, and patient can only fall into one group (no rank/order) (i.e, gender, race)
1	0	categorical data	labels or names used to identify categories of like items	data where categories of like items are identified by labels or names. arithmetic operations cannot be performed on categorical data
1	0	categorical data	data that represents the attributes of a group of people, events, or objects	data that falls into categories.
0	0	categorical data	reflect different types, not differing amounts no inherent value must be mutually exclusive, exhaustive, and equivalent	there are a number of distinct possible answers
1	0	categorical data	a set of data is categorical if values or observations belonging to it can be sorted into different categories	qualitative data is also called....
2	1	categorical data	a set of data is categorical if values or observations belonging to it can be sorted into different categories	qualitative data which can be allocated to specific groups. may be nominal data (named), ordinal data (ordered), or dichotomous (present/absent).
2	1	categorical data	data that represents the attributes of a group of people, events, or objects	qualitative data is also called....
0	0	categorical data	data representing counts or number of observations in each category	data that can be sorted or divided by type rather than by numerical values (given labels rather than being measured numerically)
1	0	categorical data	data that consists of variables that denote groupings or labels.	is a type of data consisting of categorical variables or that has been converted into a different form of data. eg of categorical variables are race, sex, gender etc
3	1	categorical data	data that consists of names, labels, or other nonnumerical values. categorical data-think of the game &"categories&".	data that consists of names, labels, or other nonnumerical values such as colours, genders, brands of cars
2	1	categorical data	data that can be sorted or divided by type rather than by numerical values (given labels rather than being measured numerically)	data that consists of variables that denote groupings or labels.
3	1	categorical data	data that can be sorted into categories or groups -state, zip code, birthdate, gender, opinions	data that can be sorted into groups (state, gender, opinions)
2	1	categorical data	data that falls into categories.	qualitative data is also called....
1	0	categorical data	qualitative data that has no inherent mathematical meaning.  e.g. race, gender, yes/no question response, state of residence	represent differing kinds rather than amounts (gender, marital status, or breed of dog, etc.)
1	0	categorical data	variables that have categories ex-fav color/shoe size, cannot be measurable, no units	data where the values are categories. for example, the breeds of 10 different dogs, another example is the colors of 100 different flowers.
0	0	categorical data	data that falls into categories.	qualitative data which can be allocated to specific groups. may be nominal data (named), ordinal data (ordered), or dichotomous (present/absent).
2	1	categorical data	data that can be sorted or divided by type than by numerical values	a set of data is categorical if values or observations belonging to it can be sorted into different categories
2	1	categorical data	data that can be categorized according to similarities or differences in kind  ex: political affiliation, taste ranking, color of an m& m	qualitative data, data that can be placed into categories . e.g. gender, favorite classes, favourite food, names of pets, etc.
0	0	categorical data	data that represents the attributes of a group of people, events, or objects	- qualitative data - data that can be sorted into distinct groups or categories - two main types of categorical data is ordinal data and nominal data
1	0	categorical data	- qualitative data - data that can be sorted into distinct groups or categories - two main types of categorical data is ordinal data and nominal data	qualitative data is also called....
2	1	categorical data	qualitative data that has no inherent mathematical meaning.  e.g. race, gender, yes/no question response, state of residence	qualitative data, data that can be placed into categories . e.g. gender, favorite classes, favourite food, names of pets, etc.
1	0	categorical data	place an individual into one of several groups or categories (e.g. gender) sometimes #s go here - like phone numbers blocked by area code	data that is described by one or another of a set of terms (like new or used)
0	0	categorical data	used to find percentages	data for which each piece of data fits into exactly one of several different groups or categories. also called qualitative data.
0	0	categorical data	data representing counts or number of observations in each category	is a type of data consisting of categorical variables or that has been converted into a different form of data. eg of categorical variables are race, sex, gender etc
2	1	categorical data	data that consists of variables that denote groupings or labels.	data that classifies observations without quantitative meaning (for example, colors of cars) or where quantitative amounts are categorized (for example, &"0-10, 11-20, ...&").
2	1	categorical data	qualitative data that has no inherent mathematical meaning.  e.g. race, gender, yes/no question response, state of residence	data that can be put into categories (like what color you prefer, your gender, or the state you were born in).
3	1	categorical data	data that is divided into different categories, such as eye color, favorite sport, or type of shoes.	observations that can be sorted into groups or categories (colors, subjects)
3	1	categorical data	data that can be put into categories (like what color you prefer, your gender, or the state you were born in).	data that can be categorized according to similarities or differences in kind  ex: political affiliation, taste ranking, color of an m& m
2	1	categorical data	- qualitative data - data that can be sorted into distinct groups or categories - two main types of categorical data is ordinal data and nominal data	data that can be sorted or divided by type (into categories) rather than by numerical values ex: bar graph, circle graph, pictograph
2	1	categorical data	data that can be sorted or divided by type than by numerical values	qualitative data is also called....
3	1	categorical data	qualitative data, data that can be placed into categories . e.g. gender, favorite classes, favourite food, names of pets, etc.	represent differing kinds rather than amounts (gender, marital status, or breed of dog, etc.)
3	1	categorical data	data that can be sorted or divided by type than by numerical values	data that can be sorted or divided by type (into categories) rather than by numerical values ex: bar graph, circle graph, pictograph
1	0	categorical data	data that can be categorized according to similarities or differences in kind  ex: political affiliation, taste ranking, color of an m& m	represent differing kinds rather than amounts (gender, marital status, or breed of dog, etc.)
2	1	categorical data	-qualitative -data is categorized into groups -the groups describe the data	data containing labels that can be divided into groups.
2	1	categorical data	word variables that fall into categories e.g. hair colour	data where the values are categories. for example, the breeds of 10 different dogs, another example is the colors of 100 different flowers.
3	1	categorical data	qualitative data which can be allocated to specific groups. may be nominal data (named), ordinal data (ordered), or dichotomous (present/absent).	data that can be sorted or divided by type (into categories) rather than by numerical values ex: bar graph, circle graph, pictograph
2	1	categorical data	qualitative data that has no inherent mathematical meaning.  e.g. race, gender, yes/no question response, state of residence	data that can be categorized according to similarities or differences in kind  ex: political affiliation, taste ranking, color of an m& m
3	1	categorical data	data that can be categorized or grouped.	data that can be grouped by specific categories.
3	1	categorical data	data that can be sorted or divided by type than by numerical values	qualitative data which can be allocated to specific groups. may be nominal data (named), ordinal data (ordered), or dichotomous (present/absent).
3	1	categorical data	data that can be put into categories (like what color you prefer, your gender, or the state you were born in).	qualitative data, data that can be placed into categories . e.g. gender, favorite classes, favourite food, names of pets, etc.
3	1	categorical data	observations that can be sorted into groups or categories such as shoe colors or favorite vegetables	observations that can be sorted into groups or categories (colors, subjects)
3	1	categorical data	data that is divided into different categories, such as eye color, favorite sport, or type of shoes.	observations that can be sorted into groups or categories such as shoe colors or favorite vegetables
3	1	wireless communications	the transmission of user data between devices without the use of wires.	is defined as the transmission of digital data while connected to some type of data network, without the use of wires.
3	1	wireless communications	the transmission of user data between devices without the use of wires.	data communication method that does not require physical connections among devices that use it.
2	1	wireless communications	uses radio frequencies (rf) or infrared (ir) waves to transmit data between devices on a lan.	the transmission of user data between devices without the use of wires.
0	0	social network analysis	examines patterns of communication among organization members to look at how information flows between them	identifies the informal structures and their embedded social relationships that are active in an organization.
1	0	social network analysis	quantitative method for studying properties of a social network sociogram	-quantitative method for studying -consisting of three parts
2	1	social network analysis	focuses on power relationships in a community by looking at who people turn to in times of need	a method for examining relationships in a community, often conducted by identifying who people turn to in times of need
0	0	social network analysis	-quantitative method for studying properties of a social network consisting of 3 parts  -sociogram: a visual depiction of a social network, has nodes and arcs and ego in center	&"measurement of the characteristics of linkages between 'units', whether individuals, groups, or organizations that form a defined population.&" (holton, 2008)
1	0	social network analysis	a method that examines patterns of relationship among individuals, group or organizations	identifies the informal structures and their embedded social relationships that are active in an organization.
0	0	social network analysis	- pattern of interactions among individuals - id groups that comprise the network, individuals who link the groups, and other network members - diagnose communication patterns and communication effectiveness	identifies the informal structures and their embedded social relationships that are active in an organization.
0	0	network applications	those applications that require a network to communicate with one another in order to function.	services and facilities that users invoke are each provided by application software.
0	0	network applications	services and facilities that users invoke are each provided by application software.	offer a specific service with its own form of user interface but can communicate over a single shared network
0	0	network applications	user perspective: network is an extension of a shared storage  software perspective: three kinds, os, network service, and applications software	services and facilities that users invoke are each provided by application software.
0	0	network applications	user perspective: network is an extension of a shared storage  software perspective: three kinds, os, network service, and applications software	those applications that require a network to communicate with one another in order to function.
0	0	network applications	those applications that require a network to communicate with one another in order to function.	offer a specific service with its own form of user interface but can communicate over a single shared network
0	0	new technology	is expensive to develop &  increases demand for its use	-technical issues can pose a problem.  -some physicians and patients may not be tech savvy
3	1	bipartite graph	two types of nodes, links are allowed only between opposite types	nodes are in two disjoint sets (types), and every edge connects different types of nodes
2	1	desktop computers	designed for use at a desk or table and is composed of separate components	personal computers designed to stay in one location. these computers require a constant source of electricity.
2	1	source code	basically another name for your code. what composes your program.  the file extension indicates the programming language it was written in.	the program instructions you enter using a text editor
2	1	source code	a list of commands typed into one or more text files, using a high-level language.	a collection of high-level language program statements in a text file.
2	1	source code	able to read the program and understand it (english type statement)	the current code that makes up a program; needs interpreted or compiled mod12
1	0	source code	code computer programmers can manipulate to change how a piece of software, a &"program&" or &"application&", works	must be human generated for software; first step to make software
0	0	source code	is a set of statements a programmer writes in a programming language.	programming statements written in a high level programming language
2	1	source code	a program in a high-level language before being compiled	a program written in a high-level language, created in the text editor
1	0	source code	the programming code used to build a software product.	must be human generated for software; first step to make software
0	0	source code	the original high-level language program written by the computer programmer.	- computer hardware does not understand high-level languages - source code must be translated into a language the computer understands
1	0	source code	basically another name for your code. what composes your program.  the file extension indicates the programming language it was written in.	a collection of high-level language program statements in a text file.
2	1	source code	a list of commands typed into one or more text files, using a high-level language.	the program instructions you enter using a text editor
2	1	source code	the programming code used to build a software product.	code computer programmers can manipulate to change how a piece of software, a &"program&" or &"application&", works
2	1	source code	basically another name for your code. what composes your program.  the file extension indicates the programming language it was written in.	any collection of computer instructions, possibly with comments, written using a human-readable programming language, usually as plain text. every program starts off with you creating this type of code.
2	1	source code	a text listing of commands in a high level programming language to be compiled, interpreted or assembled into an executable computer program.	programming code that has not yet been compiled into an executable file.
1	0	source code	basically another name for your code. what composes your program.  the file extension indicates the programming language it was written in.	the actual written code of a program before it is translated into machine code.
0	0	source code	language used to write programs. it is interpreted line by line by the computer and can be edited at any time.	is any collection of computer instructions, possibly with comments, written using a human-readable programming language, usually as plain text.
2	1	source code	the program code that you create using an editor and that either is interpreted or is compiled	the current code that makes up a program; needs interpreted or compiled mod12
3	1	source code	a text listing of commands in a high level programming language to be compiled, interpreted or assembled into an executable computer program.	a program, stored in a file, in a high-level language before being compiled or interpreted.
1	0	source code	able to read the program and understand it (english type statement)	program code, few lines to 1,000,000's java, c++ etc, tell a program how to function
2	1	source code	is the coding input into a system by the programmer from which the machine code is developed for computer use.	-computers cannot excite source code -usually written by humans in computer language -programs called compilers transform source code into object code, which is executable
0	0	source code	the program instructions you enter using a text editor	any collection of computer instructions, possibly with comments, written using a human-readable programming language, usually as plain text. every program starts off with you creating this type of code.
3	1	source code	the original high-level language program written by the computer programmer.	the human-readable version of a program created in a high-level language by a programmer
0	0	source code	a list of commands typed into one or more text files, using a high-level language.	the actual written code of a program before it is translated into machine code.
2	1	source code	a collection of high-level language program statements in a text file.	the actual written code of a program before it is translated into machine code.
3	1	source code	the readable statements of a program, written in a programming language; they are later translated into object code.	the statements you write in a programming language before they are translated to object code
1	0	source code	program code is also called source code.	the statements you write in a programming language before they are translated to object code
2	1	source code	text listing of commands to be compiled / assembled into executable program	a program, stored in a file, in a high-level language before being compiled or interpreted.
2	1	source code	able to read the program and understand it (english type statement)	the program code that you create using an editor and that either is interpreted or is compiled
0	0	source code	code computer programmers can manipulate to change how a piece of software, a &"program&" or &"application&", works	-underlying code under &"the hood: of a software package - built by the programmers involved with the development of the application -usually unseen by the regular users of the software
1	0	source code	programming code that has not yet been compiled into an executable file.	a program, stored in a file, in a high-level language before being compiled or interpreted.
2	1	source code	the actual written code of a program before it is translated into machine code.	any collection of computer instructions, possibly with comments, written using a human-readable programming language, usually as plain text. every program starts off with you creating this type of code.
2	1	source code	is a set of statements a programmer writes in a programming language.	the original program in a high level language
2	1	source code	source code can be anything that anyone can write. higher level language. ex: .c .java files.	any collection of computer instructions, possibly with comments, written using a human-readable programming language, usually as plain text. every program starts off with you creating this type of code.
3	1	source code	instructions or statements in a high-level programming language; normally stored in a file that's named to indicate both its function and programming language.	the instructions programmers write in a higher-level language. normally written in a file named to indicate both its purpose and language.
0	0	source code	a text listing of commands in a high level programming language to be compiled, interpreted or assembled into an executable computer program.	a program in a high-level language before being compiled and has a .java extension
2	1	source code	the readable statements of a program, written in a programming language; they are later translated into object code.	program code is also called source code.
2	1	source code	a program made up of statements	program statements written using a programming language, such as c# or java.
0	0	source code	the programmer's procedural language	programming language statements
3	1	source code	human readable version of a program created in a high-level language by a programmer; source code must first be translated into machine language using a compiler or interpreter	human understandable code that is written by the programmer in the language that is being used for development. this is then converted to machine code by a compiler or interpreter.
1	0	source code	the actual lines of instructional code that make the program work, is not accessible to the general public	must be human generated for software; first step to make software
2	1	source code	the actual written code of a program before it is translated into machine code.	the program instructions you enter using a text editor
2	1	source code	a collection of computer instructions written using a programming language	instructions that make up the software, entered by the programmer using a programming language.
2	1	source code	a text listing of commands to be compiled or assembled into an executable computer program.	program code, few lines to 1,000,000's java, c++ etc, tell a program how to function
1	0	source code	human readable computer code	computer code written by humans and understandable by humans. source code must be translated into machine code before it can be processed
3	1	source code	programs written in high-level language	high-level language instructions.
1	0	source code	computer code as written by humans and understood by humans	human readable computer code
2	1	source code	programming code that has not yet been compiled into an executable file.	text listing of commands to be compiled / assembled into executable program
1	0	source code	the program code that you create using an editor and that either is interpreted or is compiled	program code, few lines to 1,000,000's java, c++ etc, tell a program how to function
3	1	source code	programming statements written in a high level programming language	the original program in a high level language
3	1	source code	the instructions the programmer has written in high-level language	the human-readable version of a program created in a high-level language by a programmer
1	0	source code	the actual lines of instructional code that make the program work, is not accessible to the general public	code computer programmers can manipulate to change how a piece of software, a &"program&" or &"application&", works
2	1	source code	statements written by programmer	the statements a programmer writes in a high level programming language
1	0	source code	the actual lines of instructional code that make the program work, is not accessible to the general public	the programming code used to build a software product.
2	1	source code	the human-readable version of a program created in a high-level language by a programmer	a collection of computer instructions written in a human-readable programming language.
3	1	source code	the instructions the programmer has written in high-level language	the original high-level language program written by the computer programmer.
2	1	source code	programming language statements	program statements written in a programming language
2	1	source code	programming code that has not yet been compiled into an executable file.	a program in a high-level language before being compiled and has a .java extension
1	0	source code	- computer hardware does not understand high-level languages - source code must be translated into a language the computer understands	the human-readable version of a program created in a high-level language by a programmer
1	0	source code	- computer hardware does not understand high-level languages - source code must be translated into a language the computer understands	a collection of computer instructions written in a human-readable programming language.
1	0	source code	source code can be anything that anyone can write. higher level language. ex: .c .java files.	basically another name for your code. what composes your program.  the file extension indicates the programming language it was written in.
2	1	source code	a text listing of commands in a high level programming language to be compiled, interpreted or assembled into an executable computer program.	text listing of commands to be compiled / assembled into executable program
1	0	source code	a program in a high-level language before being compiled and has a .java extension	consists of human-readable computer language that can be collected and compiled into a computer program, library, or application
2	1	source code	the current code that makes up a program; needs interpreted or compiled mod12	program code, few lines to 1,000,000's java, c++ etc, tell a program how to function
2	1	source code	a program, stored in a file, in a high-level language before being compiled or interpreted.	consists of human-readable computer language that can be collected and compiled into a computer program, library, or application
3	1	source code	the instructions programmers write in a higher-level language.	instructions that make up the software, entered by the programmer using a programming language.
1	0	source code	programming code that has not yet been compiled into an executable file.	consists of human-readable computer language that can be collected and compiled into a computer program, library, or application
3	1	source code	a text listing of commands in a high level programming language to be compiled, interpreted or assembled into an executable computer program.	consists of human-readable computer language that can be collected and compiled into a computer program, library, or application
3	1	source code	the readable statements of a program, written in a programming language; they are later translated into object code.	the statements you write when you create a program.
2	1	source code	a program in a high-level language before being compiled and has a .java extension	text listing of commands to be compiled / assembled into executable program
0	0	source code	a collection of computer instructions written using a programming language	the instructions programmers write in a higher-level language.
2	1	source code	the instructions the programmer has written in high-level language	a collection of computer instructions written in a human-readable programming language.
1	0	source code	the statements you write when you create a program.	program code is also called source code.
2	1	source code	what you see when you open a web page in a text editor	text and html commands used to create a web page
2	1	source code	a text listing of commands to be compiled or assembled into an executable computer program.	the current code that makes up a program; needs interpreted or compiled mod12
2	1	source code	a collection of high-level language program statements in a text file.	the program instructions you enter using a text editor
2	1	source code	a text listing of commands to be compiled or assembled into an executable computer program.	the program code that you create using an editor and that either is interpreted or is compiled
2	1	source code	the instructions the programmer has written in high-level language	- computer hardware does not understand high-level languages - source code must be translated into a language the computer understands
1	0	source code	statements written in the source file	consists of the preprocessor directives and program statements
1	0	source code	written by a programmer in some programming language (put into compiler and turned into binary code)	human understandable code that is written by the programmer in the language that is being used for development. this is then converted to machine code by a compiler or interpreter.
2	1	intrusion detection system	device which monitors network activities for malicious attacks and produces reports to a management station	a device that watches network traffic for intrusion attempts and reports them
1	0	intrusion detection system	deep inspection of application messages across multiple packets to identify malicious activity	these are used to monitor a network for suspect activity.
2	1	intrusion detection system	-monitors network/system activities -alert when potentially malicious activity is found -logs info about activities	detects inappropriate or malicious activity
2	1	intrusion detection system	device or software application that monitors a system or network and analyzes the data passing through it in order to identify an incident or attack	these are used to monitor a network for suspect activity.
2	1	intrusion detection system	designed to detect network intrusion or security breaches.	an intrusion detection system (ids) is a device or software application that monitors a network or systems for malicious activity or policy violations.
2	1	intrusion detection system	device which monitors network activities for malicious attacks and produces reports to a management station	detects/prevents someone from breaking into your system running in background and notifies you when there is a possibility of intrusion
0	0	intrusion detection system	ids; can detect an attack as it occurs	these are used to monitor a network for suspect activity.
2	1	intrusion detection system	a device that watches network traffic for intrusion attempts and reports them	detects/prevents someone from breaking into your system running in background and notifies you when there is a possibility of intrusion
2	1	intrusion detection system	device or software application that monitors a system or network and analyzes the data passing through it in order to identify an incident or attack	deep inspection of application messages across multiple packets to identify malicious activity
2	1	intrusion detection system	a part of a firewall that monitors attempts to log in to servers and analyzes those attempts for patterns that might indicate a cracker's attack is under way.	examines network traffic, watching to see if it matches certain patterns or preconfigured rules indicative of an attack
3	1	database design	- focuses on how the database structure will be used to store and manage end-user data - process of producing a detailed data model of a database	activities that focus on the design of the database structure used to store and manage end-user data
3	1	database design	process of determining fields, tables and relationships needed to satisfy the data and processing requirements	process of determining the tables, fields, constraints, and relationships that make up the database
1	0	database design	- focuses on how the database structure will be used to store and manage end-user data - process of producing a detailed data model of a database	-conceptual/logical design: abstract model of database from business perspective -physical design: determines how the database is arrange and optimized on storage devices.
1	0	database design	activities that focus on the design of the database structure used to store and manage end-user data	-conceptual/logical design: abstract model of database from business perspective -physical design: determines how the database is arrange and optimized on storage devices.
2	1	database design	the process of determining the table and fields that make up the database.	as a process, is the creation of the proper structure of database tables, the proper relationships between tables, appropriate data constraints, and other structural components of the database
0	0	database design	a database structure that will be used to store and manage end-user data	-conceptual/logical design: abstract model of database from business perspective -physical design: determines how the database is arrange and optimized on storage devices.
3	1	database design	the process that yields the description of the database structure and determines the database components. thesecond pahse of the database life cycle	the process that yields the description of the database structure. the database design process determines the database components. database design is the second phase of the database life cycle.
3	1	database design	focuses on how the database structure will be used to store and manage end-user data	refers to the activities that focus on the design of the database structure that will be used to store and manage end-user data
2	1	database design	the development of the conceptual, logical, and physical structures of a database in order to meet user requirements.	process of determining fields, tables and relationships needed to satisfy the data and processing requirements
2	1	database design	the process of determining the table and fields that make up the database.	process of determining the tables, fields, constraints, and relationships that make up the database
1	0	database design	the development of the conceptual, logical, and physical structures of a database in order to meet user requirements.	as a process, is the creation of the proper structure of database tables, the proper relationships between tables, appropriate data constraints, and other structural components of the database
1	0	database design	focuses on the design of the database structure -a well-designed database facilitates data management generates accurate and valuable information -poorly designed database causes difficult-to-trace errors	-conceptual/logical design: abstract model of database from business perspective -physical design: determines how the database is arrange and optimized on storage devices.
2	1	database design	the process of creating a design that will support the organization's mission statement and objectives for the required database	process of creating a design that will support the enterprise's mission statement
2	1	database design	the process of creating a design that will support the organization's mission statement and objectives for the required database	the process of creating a design that will support the enterprise's mission statement and mission objectives for the full required database system
0	0	database design	the process of producing a detailed data model of a database	supports company's operations and objectives. it is an iterative process
2	1	database design	the process of determining the table and fields that make up the database.	the development of the conceptual, logical, and physical structures of a database in order to meet user requirements.
2	1	database design	the development of the conceptual, logical, and physical structures of a database in order to meet user requirements.	process of determining the tables, fields, constraints, and relationships that make up the database
0	0	high quality	the optima goal of quality insurance from cs personal is	good quality; describing products that will be durable and well designed
0	0	high quality	a product that meets or exceeds customer expectations	good quality; describing products that will be durable and well designed
0	0	high quality	consistent; generalizable results; sufficient sample size; adequate control; definitive conclusions	characteristics of products that meet or exceed minimum requirements for a given product
0	0	high quality	a product that meets or exceeds customer expectations	the optima goal of quality insurance from cs personal is
0	0	high quality	a product that meets or exceeds customer expectations	consistent; generalizable results; sufficient sample size; adequate control; definitive conclusions
1	0	high quality	the optima goal of quality insurance from cs personal is	consistent; generalizable results; sufficient sample size; adequate control; definitive conclusions
0	0	high quality	good quality; describing products that will be durable and well designed	consistent; generalizable results; sufficient sample size; adequate control; definitive conclusions
2	1	physical properties	a characteristic shown by a substance itself, without interacting with or changing into other substances	characteristics that simply describe a substance without regard to other substances, as far as chemical reactions go.
3	1	physical properties	things of the atom that can be observed. color, shape, length, mass, volume, density.	characteristics of matter that can be measured and observed like color, texture, mass, etc.
2	1	physical properties	things of the atom that can be observed. color, shape, length, mass, volume, density.	properties of a material that can be observed without changing the identity of the substance such as color, density, or melting point.
0	0	physical properties	things of the atom that can be observed. color, shape, length, mass, volume, density.	a descriptive characteristic of matter that can be observed or measured without changing its composition.
2	1	physical properties	properties of a material that can be observed without changing the identity of the substance such as color, density, or melting point.	characteristics of matter that can be measured and observed like color, texture, mass, etc.
2	1	physical properties	characters that can only be measured without changing the substance.	a substance shows by itself without changing into or interacting with another substance
3	1	physical properties	charactieristics that can be observed or measured without changing the matter	characteristics that can be observed without changing what the substance is made of
1	0	physical properties	characteristics a substance shows by itself, without changing int or interacting with another substance	characteristics evaluated without changing composition of the material.
1	0	physical properties	examples: hardness, color, smell, density, boiling point, freezing point, etc. etc.	can be determined and measured w/out making a new substance, includes noting color, odor, texture, and shape
1	0	physical properties	a characteristic of a pure substance that can be observed without changing it into another substance	the characteristics that make up the physical composition of a substance
0	0	physical properties	the characteristics that make up the physical composition of a substance	a substance shows by itself without changing into or interacting with another substance
3	1	search results	the listing of resultes that are returned by the search engine in response to a keyword query.	list created by search engines in response to a query.
0	0	search results	list of options created by the search engine that helps them complete the transaction.	the list of websites that the search engine gives you. at the top of the list are paid-for ads which may be relevant to your search (or not).
2	1	local variables	variable defined within a function, has a limited lifetime, and is inaccessible outside the function	-declared in body -only acessable in the function that declares them
2	1	local variables	are declared within a function. they are created anew each time the function is called, destroyed on return from the function	exist inside curly braces (within scope). not initialized automatically and are destroyed at the end of the function block.
3	1	local variables	are defined inside a function. they are only accessible within the function	variables that are declared inside a method or block, only accessible inside the method or block that they are defined in.
3	1	local variables	-declared in body -only acessable in the function that declares them	variables declared in the body of a function (or block) for use only within that function (or block)
1	0	local variables	memory for the formal parameters and variables declared in the body of a  function	variable defined within a function, has a limited lifetime, and is inaccessible outside the function
2	1	local variables	memory for the formal parameters and variables declared in the body of a  function	variables declared in the body of a function (or block) for use only within that function (or block)
2	1	local variables	-declared in body -only acessable in the function that declares them	variable defined within a function, only available within the function, no default initial value
3	1	local variables	- variables declared inside a function - local scope - they can only be used inside the function where they were declared	variable defined within a function, has a limited lifetime, and is inaccessible outside the function
3	1	local variables	variables declared within a block and not accessible outside of the block.	variables that are declared inside a method or block, only accessible inside the method or block that they are defined in.
2	1	local variables	- variables declared inside a function - local scope - they can only be used inside the function where they were declared	memory for the formal parameters and variables declared in the body of a  function
2	1	local variables	variable defined within a function, has a limited lifetime, and is inaccessible outside the function	variables declared in the body of a function (or block) for use only within that function (or block)
3	1	local variables	variables declared in the body of a function (or block) for use only within that function (or block)	variable defined within a function, only available within the function, no default initial value
1	0	local variables	memory for the formal parameters and variables declared in the body of a  function	variable defined within a function, only available within the function, no default initial value
3	1	local variables	- variables declared inside a function - local scope - they can only be used inside the function where they were declared	-declared in body -only acessable in the function that declares them
2	1	local variables	exists only inside the method where it is declared. the variables' scope only covers the location where it is declared to the closing curly brace of the method.	lifetime: when the method finishes, all local variables are destroyed (including the parameters of the method)  scope: local variables can only be used in that method
3	1	local variables	variables declared within a function or procedure and so can be accessed only by the code within that function or procedure	- are declared within a subroutine function or procedure and only exist their   - can be accessed only by the code within that function or procedure
3	1	local variables	- variables declared inside a function - local scope - they can only be used inside the function where they were declared	variables declared in the body of a function (or block) for use only within that function (or block)
2	1	local variables	- variables declared inside a function - local scope - they can only be used inside the function where they were declared	variable defined within a function, only available within the function, no default initial value
2	1	local variables	memory for the formal parameters and variables declared in the body of a  function	-declared in body -only acessable in the function that declares them
2	1	local variables	are declared inside a subroutine. they exist only inside the subroutine, while it is running, and are completely inaccessible from outside.	declared inside function without static attribute  each thread stack contains one instance of any of this variable
1	0	data visualization	an outcome and process of placing data in graphical context to assist with conveying its significance. displays information that could be overlooked in tabular or text form.	use graphics to show data for reasoning about quantitative info and description, exploration, tabulation, or decoration
2	1	data visualization	presenting data in a visual way such as with graphs and charts; helps business people glean data insights they might not otherwise discern from tabular data	graphic display of statistics. used as a communication tool with charts to convince people in a compelling way to take action on info.
0	0	data visualization	a term used to describe the use of graphical displays to summarize and present information about a data set. applies pattern recognition, spatial awareness &  aesthetics	refers to the techniques used to communuicate data or information by encoding it as visual objects to communicate information clearly and efficiently
0	0	data visualization	presenting data in a visual way such as with graphs and charts; helps business people glean data insights they might not otherwise discern from tabular data	is the synthesis of many disciplines which take advantage of large data sets, technology and human perception.
0	0	data visualization	an outcome and process of placing data in graphical context to assist with conveying its significance. displays information that could be overlooked in tabular or text form.	the study of the visual representation of data, meaning &"information&" which has been abstracted in some schematic form, including attributes or variables for the units of information
3	1	data visualization	attempt to understand patterns, trends, and relationships in data by placing data in a visual format	presenting data through visible means to reveal patterns and relationships and to extract meaning from complex data sets.
2	1	data visualization	data presented to users in visual formats such as text, graphics, and tables following data processing; makes it applications more attractive and understandable to users	these techniques, dss typically help users better understand the output, visually appealing the users
2	1	data visualization	is the presentation of data in a graphical format to make it easier for decision-makers to grasp difficult concepts or identify new patterns in the data.	technology for helping users see patterns and relationships in large amounts of data by presenting the data in graphical form.
3	1	data visualization	allows users to see data transform info into a business perspective	describes technologies that allows users to see or visualize data to transform information into a business perspective
3	1	data visualization	data presented to users in visual formats such as text, graphics, and tables following data processing; makes it applications more attractive and understandable to users	the process of presenting data to users in visual formats, thereby making it applications more attractive and understandable to users.
0	0	data visualization	the study of the visual representation of data, meaning &"information&" which has been abstracted in some schematic form, including attributes or variables for the units of information	refers to the techniques used to communicate data or information by encoding it as visual objects (e.g., points, lines or bars) contained in graphics.
1	0	data visualization	use graphics to show data for reasoning about quantitative info and description, exploration, tabulation, or decoration	a term used to describe the use of graphical displays to summarize and present information about a data set. applies pattern recognition, spatial awareness &  aesthetics
2	1	data visualization	data represented to users in visual formats such as text, graphics and tables following data processing. makes it apps more attractive and understandable to users	after data has been processed it can be presented to users in visual formats such as text, graphics and tables -gis -reality mining
0	0	data visualization	allows users to see data transform info into a business perspective	- describes technologies allowing users to &"see&"/visualize data to transform info to business perspective  - simplify complex data in easy to grasp/understand format
0	0	data visualization	an outcome and process of placing data in graphical context to assist with conveying its significance. displays information that could be overlooked in tabular or text form.	refers to the techniques used to communuicate data or information by encoding it as visual objects to communicate information clearly and efficiently
3	1	data visualization	refers to the techniques used to communuicate data or information by encoding it as visual objects to communicate information clearly and efficiently	refers to the techniques used to communicate data or information by encoding it as visual objects (e.g., points, lines or bars) contained in graphics.
2	1	data visualization	the process of presenting data to users in visual formats, thereby making it applications more attractive and understandable to users  &"the value of visualization&"	these techniques, dss typically help users better understand the output, visually appealing the users
1	0	data visualization	organizations use presentation tools to present the results of analyses to users in visual formats such as charts, graphs, figures, and tables	-transform data into another media (graphical, sound) to quickly display results and analyze trends -can be interactive/ show relationships and network, before system
0	0	data visualization	displaying data in ways that promote thinking	a visual representation of data withers goal of clearly communicating or better understanding the meaning of the data
2	1	data visualization	provides a picture that reflects the data, can lead to better understanding on what the data means	it can help quickly draw conclusions and see relationships among the data.
1	0	data visualization	a way of displaying data that is visually simple and easy to interpret like a chart or graph	is the synthesis of many disciplines which take advantage of large data sets, technology and human perception.
3	1	data visualization	describes technologies that allows users to see or visualize data to transform information into a business perspective	- describes technologies allowing users to &"see&"/visualize data to transform info to business perspective  - simplify complex data in easy to grasp/understand format
2	1	data visualization	graphic display of statistics. used as a communication tool with charts to convince people in a compelling way to take action on info.	describes the graphical display of data to make it easier for an audience to make sense of it and find important patterns within it.
2	1	data visualization	use graphics to show data for reasoning about quantitative info and description, exploration, tabulation, or decoration	refers to the techniques used to communuicate data or information by encoding it as visual objects to communicate information clearly and efficiently
2	1	data visualization	presenting data in a visual way such as with graphs and charts; helps business people glean data insights they might not otherwise discern from tabular data	describes the graphical display of data to make it easier for an audience to make sense of it and find important patterns within it.
1	0	data visualization	the study of the visual representation of data, meaning &"information&" which has been abstracted in some schematic form, including attributes or variables for the units of information	refers to the techniques used to communuicate data or information by encoding it as visual objects to communicate information clearly and efficiently
3	1	data visualization	data presented to users in visual formats such as text, graphics, and tables following data processing; makes it applications more attractive and understandable to users	the process of presenting data to users in visual formats, thereby making it applications more attractive and understandable to users  &"the value of visualization&"
1	0	data visualization	-transform data into another media (graphical, sound) to quickly display results and analyze trends -can be interactive/ show relationships and network, before system	involves creating charts, graphs, images, diagrams, etc. to allow for better communication and understanding of big data sets
3	1	data visualization	abstracting data to provide information in a visual format ●enhances the user's ability to efficiently comprehend the meaning of the data.	process of abstracting data to provide a visual representation of the data that enhances the user's ability to effectively comprehend the meaning of the data
2	1	data visualization	after processing,   data presented to users in visual formats such as text, graphics, and tables.	after data has been processed it can be presented to users in visual formats such as text, graphics and tables -gis -reality mining
2	1	data visualization	is the synthesis of many disciplines which take advantage of large data sets, technology and human perception.	describes the graphical display of data to make it easier for an audience to make sense of it and find important patterns within it.
0	0	data visualization	is the synthesis of many disciplines which take advantage of large data sets, technology and human perception.	graphic display of statistics. used as a communication tool with charts to convince people in a compelling way to take action on info.
1	0	data visualization	use graphics to show data for reasoning about quantitative info and description, exploration, tabulation, or decoration	the study of the visual representation of data, meaning &"information&" which has been abstracted in some schematic form, including attributes or variables for the units of information
1	0	data visualization	organizations use presentation tools to present the results of analyses to users in visual formats such as charts, graphs, figures, and tables	involves creating charts, graphs, images, diagrams, etc. to allow for better communication and understanding of big data sets
2	1	data visualization	abstracting data to provide information in a visual format	the representation of data in graphical and multimedia formats for human analysis.
3	1	data visualization	the process of presenting data to users in visual formats, thereby making it applications more attractive and understandable to users.	these techniques, dss typically help users better understand the output, visually appealing the users
1	0	data visualization	an outcome and process of placing data in graphical context to assist with conveying its significance. displays information that could be overlooked in tabular or text form.	refers to the techniques used to communicate data or information by encoding it as visual objects (e.g., points, lines or bars) contained in graphics.
2	1	data visualization	a way of displaying data that is visually simple and easy to interpret like a chart or graph	describes the graphical display of data to make it easier for an audience to make sense of it and find important patterns within it.
2	1	data visualization	the study of the visual representation of data, meaning &"information&" which has been abstracted in some schematic form, including attributes or variables for the units of information	a term used to describe the use of graphical displays to summarize and present information about a data set. applies pattern recognition, spatial awareness &  aesthetics
3	1	data visualization	allows users to &"see&" or visualize data to transform information into a business perspective -sophisticated analysis techniques such as pie charts, controls, instruments, maps, time-series graphs, and more	abstracting data to provide info in a visual format -enhance user's ability to efficiently comprehend the meaning of data  -pie/bar charts -heat map -gantt chart -line graphs -scatter plots
2	1	data visualization	a way of displaying data that is visually simple and easy to interpret like a chart or graph	graphic display of statistics. used as a communication tool with charts to convince people in a compelling way to take action on info.
2	1	data visualization	describes the use of graphical displays to summarize and present information about a data set with many tools available such as graphs, charts and tables	a term used to describe the use of graphical displays to summarize and present information about a data set.
3	1	data visualization	the process of displaying data (often in large quantities) in a meaningful fashion to provide insights that will support better decisions.	the process of displaying data meaningfully in order to improve decision-making
2	1	data structures	group of related data items stored under the same name (implementation)	data structures are the actual representations of data and operations, i.e. implementation
1	0	data structures	a method of organizing data characterized by the access provided to the data.  databases are mapped to a number of different files maintained by the underlying o.s.	is a specialized format for organizing and storing data. it is a scheme for organizing related pieces of information. examples are arrays, linked lists, queues, stacks, binary trees, etc.
0	0	data structures	a method of organizing data characterized by the access provided to the data.  databases are mapped to a number of different files maintained by the underlying o.s.	describe the set of objects and how they are related.
1	0	data structures	a collection of data values, the relationships among them, and the functions or operations that can be applied to the data.	- specific arrangements of data attributes that define a single instance of a data flow.
2	1	data structures	is a specialized format for organizing and storing data. it is a scheme for organizing related pieces of information. examples are arrays, linked lists, queues, stacks, binary trees, etc.	collection of data items in memory of a running program that are organized in some fashion that allows items to be stored and retrieved by some fixed methods
1	0	data structures	a method of organizing data characterized by the access provided to the data.  databases are mapped to a number of different files maintained by the underlying o.s.	collection of data items in memory of a running program that are organized in some fashion that allows items to be stored and retrieved by some fixed methods
0	0	data structures	a collection of data values, the relationships among them, and the functions or operations that can be applied to the data.	a collection of data elements with operations that store and manipulate individual elements
0	0	data structures	that enabled the programs to adequately manipulate information.	the sum of rules concerning different forms of data and their associations to each other
2	1	data structures	describe the set of objects and how they are related.	is a specialized format for organizing and storing data. it is a scheme for organizing related pieces of information. examples are arrays, linked lists, queues, stacks, binary trees, etc.
1	0	type safety	enforced by the compiler to ensure data is not used in an incorrect or meaningless way	the feature of programming languages that prevents assigning values of an incorrect data type.
2	1	web sites	a related collection of web pages that is created and maintained by an individual, company, educa6tional institution, or other organization.	collection of web pages that is created and maintained by a person, group, or organization
2	1	web sites	a related collection of web pages that is created and maintained by an individual	collection of web pages that is created and maintained by a person, group, or organization
1	0	web sites	a related collection of web pages that is created and maintained by an individual	created or maintained by one person or company.
3	1	web sites	a collection of related wed pages stored on a server that users can display using a web browser	collections of related web pages using a web browser
1	0	web sites	collection of web pages that is created and maintained by a person, group, or organization	created or maintained by one person or company.
1	0	time series	a time-ordered sequence of observations taken at regular intervals (usually a line graph of two variables)	data set is composed of quantitative entries taken at regular intervals over a period of time.
2	1	time series	data set is composed of quantitative entries taken at regular intervals over a period of time.	a time-ordered sequence of observations taken at regular intervals
1	0	time series	- a forecasting technique that uses a series of past data points to make a forecast  5 major characteristics: trend, smoothness, mean-reverting, seasonality, and structural break	models that predict future demand based on past history trends
2	1	time series	resulting set of data points taken over specific time intervals	a time-ordered sequence of observations taken at regular intervals
2	1	time series	defined as some quantity that is measured sequentially in time over some interval.	variables that are measured at regular intervals over time
2	1	time series	measurement taken @ regular time intervals	a time-ordered sequence of observations taken at regular intervals
1	0	time series	data set is composed of quantitative entries taken at regular intervals over a period of time.	a set of observations on a quantitative variable collected over time
1	0	time series	a set of observations on a quantitative variable collected over time	resulting set of data points taken over specific time intervals
1	0	time series	time series have the property of functions; only (at most) one data point lands at each possible time	multiple instance of one or more measures taken at equidistant points in time
1	0	time series	an ordered sequence of values of a single quantitative variable measured at regular intervals over time	defined as some quantity that is measured sequentially in time over some interval.
2	1	time series	data points on a graph that may represent an interval of time	data on single measurement at multiple points in time
3	1	time series	- observations recorded at different points in time (usually equally spaced) example: monthly sales, daily share price	set of values for a particular variable for many time periods e.g. quarterly sales over last five years monthly cpi over last 12 years daily returns over last 180 days
2	1	time series	collection of data points corresponding to temporal measurements of a quantitative variable	data on single measurement at multiple points in time
2	1	time series	a time-ordered sequence of observations taken at regular intervals (usually a line graph of two variables)	resulting set of data points taken over specific time intervals
2	1	time series	a forecasting technique that uses a series of past data points to make a forecast	models that predict future demand based on past history trends
2	1	time series	data collected over several time periods; oooxooo	a collection of data recorded over a period of time
1	0	time series	o1 o2 o3 x o4 o5 o6 -only one group -interested in how participants change -good if you're worried about history affects or maturation	a time-ordered sequence of observations taken at regular intervals; data points indexed in time order for a one unit of observation (i.e.: single individual, etc.).
3	1	time series	- observations recorded at different points in time (usually equally spaced) example: monthly sales, daily share price	when data is recorded sequentially over time and time is an important aspect -equally space monthly, quarterly etc.
1	0	time series	a set of sequential observations of a variable or variables over time. the time period can be anything--year, quarter, month, week, day, hour, etc.	when data is recorded sequentially over time and time is an important aspect -equally space monthly, quarterly etc.
0	0	time series	describe how a numerical variable change as a function of time	a sequence of data which shows how the value of a variable changes over time. normally such data are collected on a regular periodic basis
1	0	time series	multiple instance of one or more measures taken at equidistant points in time	a time-ordered sequence of observations taken at regular intervals; data points indexed in time order for a one unit of observation (i.e.: single individual, etc.).
2	1	time series	collection of data points corresponding to temporal measurements of a quantitative variable	data points on a graph that may represent an interval of time
1	0	time series	o1 o2 o3 x o4 o5 o6 -only one group -interested in how participants change -good if you're worried about history affects or maturation	multiple instance of one or more measures taken at equidistant points in time
0	0	time series	a set of data collected at regular intervals of time, used in understanding cause and effect to make decisions about the future	o1 o2 o3 x o4 o5 o6 -only one group -interested in how participants change -good if you're worried about history affects or maturation
2	1	time series	measurement taken @ regular time intervals	a set of observations on a quantitative variable collected over time
1	0	time series	time series have the property of functions; only (at most) one data point lands at each possible time	a set of data collected at regular intervals of time, used in understanding cause and effect to make decisions about the future
1	0	time series	-a forecasting technique that uses a series of past data points to make a forecast -assumes needs follow a pattern	- a forecasting technique that uses a series of past data points to make a forecast  5 major characteristics: trend, smoothness, mean-reverting, seasonality, and structural break
2	1	time series	a set of observations on a quantitative variable collected over time	a time-ordered sequence of observations taken at regular intervals
2	1	time series	a set of two variable data in which a quantity is measured against time	a sequence of data which shows how the value of a variable changes over time. normally such data are collected on a regular periodic basis
2	1	time series	a time-ordered sequence of observations taken at regular intervals (usually a line graph of two variables)	measurement taken @ regular time intervals
0	0	time series	time series have the property of functions; only (at most) one data point lands at each possible time	o1 o2 o3 x o4 o5 o6 -only one group -interested in how participants change -good if you're worried about history affects or maturation
2	1	time series	a time-ordered sequence of observations taken at regular intervals (usually a line graph of two variables)	a set of observations on a quantitative variable collected over time
1	0	time series	describe how a numerical variable change as a function of time	a set of two variable data in which a quantity is measured against time
3	1	time series	set of observations for a variable over periods of time	a set of observations on a variable's outcomes in different time periods.
1	0	time series	a set of observations measured at successive points in time or over successive periods of time	a sequence of values of a variable taken at successive equally spaced points of time
0	0	traditional approach	a file processing system is a type of system used to store and manage information for an organization	another name for the sdlc.
1	0	traditional approach	project initiation  project planning  project execution  project management  project completion  control	formal approach that takes every stage step by step. no stage can proceed until the previous is completed. also known as the waterfall approach or sdlc.
0	0	life cycle	refers to the major activities in the course of product's life	needs and activities change depending on what stage of life you are in
0	0	life cycle	choice of channel often changes over course of product life cycle	the stages of an organism's growth and development.
3	1	life cycle	the managing the filing of a record from beginning through final disposition	process to manage electronic and manual records from beginning through final disposition
0	0	life cycle	a cycle made up of important events that take place during different phases of your life	a series of changes in form that an organism goes through, returning to the starting state
2	1	life cycle	the stages an organism goes through from birth to death	the stages of life from reproduction to the death of an organism
0	0	life cycle	place in important life phases, such as career, parenting cycle, or educational process	choice of channel often changes over course of product life cycle
1	0	life cycle	series of stages through which an individual or family passes through during its lifetime	stages a family experiences during its lifetime
0	0	life cycle	a series of changes in form that an organism goes through, returning to the starting state	place in important life phases, such as career, parenting cycle, or educational process
2	1	life cycle	sequence of stages in the productive history of an organism	the entire sequence of stages in the life of an organism
0	0	life cycle	place in important life phases, such as career, parenting cycle, or educational process	the stages of an organism's growth and development.
0	0	life cycle	refers to the major activities in the course of product's life	the stages of an organism's growth and development.
2	1	life cycle	refers to the major activities in the course of product's life	this is the stage a product goes through beginning with extraction of resources and ending with disposal when it's no longer needed or used.
1	0	life cycle	a cycle made up of important events that take place during different phases of your life	the stages of an organism's growth and development.
0	0	life cycle	a series of changes in form that an organism goes through, returning to the starting state	needs and activities change depending on what stage of life you are in
0	0	life cycle	a series of changes in form that an organism goes through, returning to the starting state	this is the stage a product goes through beginning with extraction of resources and ending with disposal when it's no longer needed or used.
0	0	life cycle	a series of changes in form that an organism goes through, returning to the starting state	choice of channel often changes over course of product life cycle
0	0	life cycle	needs and activities change depending on what stage of life you are in	this is the stage a product goes through beginning with extraction of resources and ending with disposal when it's no longer needed or used.
0	0	life cycle	choice of channel often changes over course of product life cycle	this is the stage a product goes through beginning with extraction of resources and ending with disposal when it's no longer needed or used.
0	0	latent semantic analysis	mathematical procedure for automatically extracting and representing the meanings of propositions expressed in a text.	a program that computes meaning by assessing words in similar contexts; it can tell if two words have similar meanings even if they rarely occur together
3	1	data integration	the integrations of data from multiple sources, which provides a unified view of all data.	seamlessly combining data from multiple sources which provides a unified/consistent view of all data (ex. microsoft outlook calendar)
3	1	data integration	comprises 3 major processes that permit data to be accessed to an array of etl and analysis tools and the dw	comprises three major process that when correctly implemented permit data to be assess and made accessible to an array of etl: data access, data federation, and change capture.
2	1	data integration	being able to process and combine data that has no similar structure or source	combination of tehcnical and business processes used to combine data from disparate sources into valuable information
0	0	data integration	seamlessly combining data from multiple sources which provides a unified/consistent view of all data (ex. microsoft outlook calendar)	the integration of data from multiple sources
1	0	data integration	seamlessly combining data from multiple sources which provides a unified/consistent view of all data (ex. microsoft outlook calendar)	creates a unified view of business data  other possibilities: -application integration -business process -user interaction integration.
2	1	data integration	integration that comprises three major processes: data access, data federation, and change capture	involves combining data residing in different sources and providing users with a unified view of this data
0	0	data integration	combining data from multiple files may be difficult	ability to access all pertinent data about an entity wherever the data may exist
2	1	data integration	achieved by combining master files into larger pools of data accessible by many programs	files are logically combined and made accessible to various systems - cross functional analysis - master files combined into large pool of data
0	0	data integration	permit data to be accessed and made accessible to an array of etl, analysis tools, and data warehouse environment	comprises three major process that when correctly implemented permit data to be assess and made accessible to an array of etl: data access, data federation, and change capture.
2	1	data integration	(database benefit)  master files are combined into large &"pools&" of data that many application programs access	master files are combines into large &"pools&" of data that many application programs access. an example is an employee database that consolidates payroll, personnel, and job skills master files
3	1	data integration	combination of tehcnical and business processes used to combine data from disparate sources into valuable information	- the combination of technical and business processes used to combine data from disparate sources into meaningful and valuable information - integrate data from multiple sources
0	0	data integration	integration that comprises three major processes: data access, data federation, and change capture	process based on data flows with different data sources and applications
2	1	data integration	involves combining data residing in different sources and providing users with a unified view of this data	taking data from multiple sources and combining it. you will need high quality data in the right format in order to be able to analyze data.
1	0	data integration	the integrations of data from multiple sources, which provides a unified view of all data.	creates a unified view of business data  other possibilities: -application integration -business process -user interaction integration.
1	0	data integration	involves combining data residing in different sources and providing users with a unified view of this data	process based on data flows with different data sources and applications
1	0	data integration	the integration of data from multiple sources	creates a unified view of business data  other possibilities: -application integration -business process -user interaction integration.
3	1	data integration	combination of technical and busines processes used to combine data from disparate sources into meaningful and valuable information. three major processes: data access, data federation, and change capture	- the combination of technical and business processes used to combine data from disparate sources into meaningful and valuable information - integrate data from multiple sources
2	1	data integration	achieved by combining master files into larger pools of data accessible by many programs	files are logically combined and made accessible to various systems
1	0	data integration	integration that comprises three major processes: data access, data federation, and change capture	taking data from multiple sources and combining it. you will need high quality data in the right format in order to be able to analyze data.
0	0	information gain	a measure on how well an attribute will split up the remaining data into disjunct groups	difference between entropy between before and after split  infogain(f) = entropy(s1)-entropy(s2) =post-pre split
3	1	information gain	the change in entropy that would result from a split on each possible feature.	difference between entropy between before and after split  infogain(f) = entropy(s1)-entropy(s2) =post-pre split
2	1	information gain	approach to reduce splits in decision tree and get highest amount of certainty	a way to decide the best attribute for a decision tree split
2	1	information gain	a measure on how well an attribute will split up the remaining data into disjunct groups	to determine the optimal feature to split upon, the decision tree algorithm calculates the change in entropy that would result from a split on each possible feature.
0	0	information gain	measures how much &"information&" a feature gives us about the class.	also referred to as mutual information, helps us to measure the dependence between two variables.
2	1	information gain	- measure of impurity - the reduction in entropy resulting from a chosen split - so you want to maximize info gain for each split	difference between entropy between before and after split  infogain(f) = entropy(s1)-entropy(s2) =post-pre split
1	0	information gain	measures the reduction of the entropy caused by the partitioning the examples according to the chosen attribute.	the expected reduction in entropy
0	0	information gain	the measure used to select the best attribute at each step in growing decision trees	information you have now that you didn't have before
2	1	information gain	difference between entropy between before and after split  infogain(f) = entropy(s1)-entropy(s2) =post-pre split	to determine the optimal feature to split upon, the decision tree algorithm calculates the change in entropy that would result from a split on each possible feature.
2	1	information gain	the measure used to select the best attribute at each step in growing decision trees	approach to reduce splits in decision tree and get highest amount of certainty
1	0	information gain	a measure on how well an attribute will split up the remaining data into disjunct groups	- measure of impurity - the reduction in entropy resulting from a chosen split - so you want to maximize info gain for each split
0	0	information gain	information you have now that you didn't have before	a way to decide the best attribute for a decision tree split
1	0	information gain	uses entropy to measure the extent of uncertainty or randomness of a particular attribute/value split  used in id3, c4.5, c5	a measure of the predictive power of one or more attributes
0	0	information gain	uses entropy to measure the extent of purification obtained from a particular attribute/value split	reduction of entropy (relative to the target attribute). higher ig indicates a more informative split
2	1	information gain	a mathematical way to capture the amount of information one gains by picking a particular attribute	measures how well a given attribute separates the training examples according to their target classification
1	0	information gain	the difference between the starting entropy and the expected entropy	the difference between the initial entropy of a node and the entropy of the node after its been split.
3	1	information gain	the measure used to select the best attribute at each step in growing decision trees	a way to decide the best attribute for a decision tree split
0	0	common features	deciding if something is part of a concept based on whether certain very common elements are present	are spell checkers alignments , fonts and font size, character effects and edit options.
2	1	control system	an arrangement of physical components connected or related in such a manner as to command, direct or regulate itself or another system	computer/ microprocessor will monitor physical properties and based on comparison with pre stored values,take action that can alter physical properties. eg. air conditioning
1	0	control system	computer/ microprocessor will monitor physical properties and based on comparison with pre stored values,take action that can alter physical properties. eg. air conditioning	an interconnection of components forming a system configuration that will provide a desired response
0	0	control system	interpret operator settings and produce and regulates the desired output	an instrumentation system that senses and controls its own operation on a close, continuous basis in what is called proportional (or modulating) control.
1	0	control system	an interconnection of components forming a system configuration that will provide a desired response	a device (or set of devices) that manages, commands, directs or regulates the behaviour of other devices or systems. (ipo)
0	0	control system	an arrangement of physical components connected or related in such a manner as to command, direct or regulate itself or another system	an interconnection of components forming a system configuration that will provide a desired response
1	0	control system	a collection of controllers, sensors and actuators that together respond to changes in their environment or settings	a system of sensors and actuators operating under the direction of a controller
0	0	image segmentation	- partitions an image into meaningful regions called segments - complementary approach to edge detection: id boundaries of objects after segmentation has occurred	- identifying meaningful regions - group pixels according to local image properties -
1	0	image segmentation	- identifying meaningful regions - group pixels according to local image properties -	dividing images into semantically meaningful regions
2	1	image segmentation	- partitions an image into meaningful regions called segments - complementary approach to edge detection: id boundaries of objects after segmentation has occurred	dividing images into semantically meaningful regions
2	1	image segmentation	divide image in regions with pixels of similar qualities	selection of specific regions based on: image intensity (color) location shape texture
1	0	deadlock detection	the dbms periodically tests the database for deadlocks  if a deadlock is found, one of the transactions (&"victim&") is aborted, and the other transaction continues.	test for deadlocks periodically and abort one of the transactions
0	0	deadlock detection	the dbms periodically tests the database for deadlocks	test for deadlocks periodically and abort one of the transactions
1	0	deadlock detection	dbms checks them periodically, if it is found, the victim transaction is aborted	the dbms periodically tests the database for deadlocks  if a deadlock is found, one of the transactions (&"victim&") is aborted, and the other transaction continues.
1	0	deadlock detection	handled by the construction of wait-for graph which shows transaction dependencies; deadlock exists if the wfg contains a cycle	a system is in a deadlock state &lt;=&gt; the wait-for graph has a cycle.  looks for cycles periodically to detect deadlock.
2	1	deadlock detection	dbms checks them periodically, if it is found, the victim transaction is aborted	dbms tests db for a deadlock, if a deadlock is found a victim transaction is rolled back, the other transaction continues
3	1	deadlock detection	dbms tests db for a deadlock, if a deadlock is found a victim transaction is rolled back, the other transaction continues	the dbms periodically tests the database for deadlocks  if a deadlock is found, one of the transactions (&"victim&") is aborted, and the other transaction continues.
2	1	deadlock detection	dbms checks them periodically, if it is found, the victim transaction is aborted	the dbms periodically tests the database for deadlocks
1	0	deadlock detection	dbms tests db for a deadlock, if a deadlock is found a victim transaction is rolled back, the other transaction continues	test for deadlocks periodically and abort one of the transactions
2	1	deadlock detection	dbms tests db for a deadlock, if a deadlock is found a victim transaction is rolled back, the other transaction continues	the dbms periodically tests the database for deadlocks
0	0	reinforcement learning	a computer learns from interacting with itself (or data generated by the same algorithm)	a machine learning algorithm where the algorithm interacts with an environment, creating a feedback loop between the learning system and its experiences
0	0	reinforcement learning	not  a mixture of supervised/unsupervised learning. different set-up.   agent  within environment that: peas (performance, environment, actuators, sensors)  aim: find optimal actions	making an agent learn to maximize output
0	0	reinforcement learning	not  a mixture of supervised/unsupervised learning. different set-up.   agent  within environment that: peas (performance, environment, actuators, sensors)  aim: find optimal actions	an agent is given information about an environment and asked to make moves that self-driving cars, education, optimal resource management, robotics
2	1	reinforcement learning	works through trial and error which actions yield the greatest rewards	learning through practice or trial and error - learning system is set loose to find a solution for itself and if it succeeds it is given a reward
2	1	reinforcement learning	learning by 'trying' a response and being 'punished' or 'rewarded' depending on whether the response was the desired one.	works through trial and error which actions yield the greatest rewards
0	0	reinforcement learning	an agent is given information about an environment and asked to make moves that self-driving cars, education, optimal resource management, robotics	making an agent learn to maximize output
1	0	reinforcement learning	not  a mixture of supervised/unsupervised learning. different set-up.   agent  within environment that: peas (performance, environment, actuators, sensors)  aim: find optimal actions	a type of machine learning, and thereby also a branch of artificial intelligence. allows machines to calibrate their models by receiving rewards or &"points&" for good performance.
0	0	reinforcement learning	learning from rewards, by trial and error, during normal interaction with the world	machine is trained to take specific decisions that maximize efficiency
3	1	reinforcement learning	learning from rewards, by trial and error, during normal interaction with the world	software agents interact with an environment: - learn how to optimize their behavior - given a system of rewards and punishments - draw inspiration from behavioral psychology
1	0	reinforcement learning	a type of machine learning, and thereby also a branch of artificial intelligence. allows machines to calibrate their models by receiving rewards or &"points&" for good performance.	making an agent learn to maximize output
0	0	reinforcement learning	machine is trained to take specific decisions that maximize efficiency	software agents interact with an environment: - learn how to optimize their behavior - given a system of rewards and punishments - draw inspiration from behavioral psychology
0	0	reinforcement learning	a type of machine learning, and thereby also a branch of artificial intelligence. allows machines to calibrate their models by receiving rewards or &"points&" for good performance.	an agent is given information about an environment and asked to make moves that self-driving cars, education, optimal resource management, robotics
3	1	reinforcement learning	learning by 'trying' a response and being 'punished' or 'rewarded' depending on whether the response was the desired one.	learning through practice or trial and error - learning system is set loose to find a solution for itself and if it succeeds it is given a reward
1	0	data warehousing	is the practice of taking and storing data in a data warehouse (large business system) that supports business intelligence (bi)	used for business intelligence - big database used to pull in very large and complex data sets
1	0	data warehousing	is the practice of taking and storing data in a data warehouse (large business system) that supports business intelligence (bi)	&"pre-summarized; not pulling data&" -a logical collection of information gathered from many different operational databases
0	0	data warehousing	&"pre-summarized; not pulling data&" -a logical collection of information gathered from many different operational databases	a system used for reporting and data analysis, and is considered a core component of business intelligence; data is stored in one place.
0	0	data warehousing	is the practice of taking and storing data in a data warehouse (large business system) that supports business intelligence (bi)	massive data stores of time series data for decision support
0	0	data warehousing	massive data stores of time series data for decision support	used for business intelligence - big database used to pull in very large and complex data sets
0	0	data warehousing	used for business intelligence - big database used to pull in very large and complex data sets	a system used for reporting and data analysis, and is considered a core component of business intelligence; data is stored in one place.
2	1	data warehousing	enterprise application -logically centralized large db--entities + attributes -physically centralized/distributed--servers + data  -powerful enterprise-wide querying applications	-is a subject-oriented, integrated, time-variant, nonvolatile collection of data in support of management's decision making process. -data grows, doesn't really change -logically centralized large database -powerful enterprise-wide querying applications
1	0	data warehousing	is the practice of taking and storing data in a data warehouse (large business system) that supports business intelligence (bi)	a logical collection of information - gathered from many different operational databases - that supports business analysis activities and decision-making tasks
2	1	data warehousing	-collections of data from different information systems  -transforming the data into a consistent format is important	the process of combining data from multiple databases or data sources in a central location called a warehouse.
0	0	data warehousing	creates a well-planned information management solution to enable analytical and informational processing despite platform, application, organizational, and other barriers.	the collection and storage of large amounts of data from a range of sources, in order to support the future decisions of management. this data is often historical.
3	1	data warehousing	integrates data from multiple different sources and stores it in a uniform manner; a central data repository	the process of combining data from multiple databases or data sources in a central location called a warehouse.
1	0	data warehousing	use of info systems facilities to focus on the collection, org, integration, and long-term storage of entity-wide data	creates a well-planned information management solution to enable analytical and informational processing despite platform, application, organizational, and other barriers.
0	0	data warehousing	massive data stores of time series data for decision support	-data warehouse: a logical collection of information gathered from many different operational databases (extract, transform, load) used to create business intelligence that supports business analysis activities and decision-making tasks.
1	0	data warehousing	the process of combining data from multiple databases or data sources in a central location called a warehouse.	starts with data stored in different systems and often with inconsistencies (in terminology, formats, and so on), and converts it into data stored in a single logical repository
2	1	data warehousing	massive data stores of time series data for decision support	&"pre-summarized; not pulling data&" -a logical collection of information gathered from many different operational databases
2	1	data warehousing	-collections of data from different information systems  -transforming the data into a consistent format is important	the process of collecting the data from different data sources within an organization and storing it in a single database that can be used for decision making
0	0	data warehousing	use of info systems facilities to focus on the collection, org, integration, and long-term storage of entity-wide data	the collection and storage of large amounts of data from a range of sources, in order to support the future decisions of management. this data is often historical.
3	1	data warehousing	-data warehouse: a logical collection of information gathered from many different operational databases (extract, transform, load) used to create business intelligence that supports business analysis activities and decision-making tasks.	a logical collection of information - gathered from many different operational databases - that supports business analysis activities and decision-making tasks
0	0	data warehousing	-collections of data from different information systems  -transforming the data into a consistent format is important	the process allowing important day-to-day operational data to be stored and organized for simplified access. - amazon's redshift
0	0	data warehousing	used for business intelligence - big database used to pull in very large and complex data sets	a logical collection of information - gathered from many different operational databases - that supports business analysis activities and decision-making tasks
0	0	data warehousing	massive data stores of time series data for decision support	a logical collection of information - gathered from many different operational databases - that supports business analysis activities and decision-making tasks
0	0	data warehousing	the process allowing important day-to-day operational data to be stored and organized for simplified access. - amazon's redshift	starts with data stored in different systems and often with inconsistencies (in terminology, formats, and so on), and converts it into data stored in a single logical repository
1	0	data warehousing	the process allowing important day-to-day operational data to be stored and organized for simplified access. - amazon's redshift	the process of combining data from multiple databases or data sources in a central location called a warehouse.
3	1	data warehousing	combining multiple data sources into a large database for retrieval and analysis	combines data from multiple sources into a large database wit the purpose of extensive retrieval and trend analysis
2	1	data warehousing	the use of a database or a collection of databases developed for an organization or an enterprise for analysis and support of management decisions	the collection and storage of large amounts of data from a range of sources, in order to support the future decisions of management. this data is often historical.
1	0	data warehousing	use of info systems facilities to focus on the collection, org, integration, and long-term storage of entity-wide data	the use of a database or a collection of databases developed for an organization or an enterprise for analysis and support of management decisions
0	0	data warehousing	the use of a database or a collection of databases developed for an organization or an enterprise for analysis and support of management decisions	creates a well-planned information management solution to enable analytical and informational processing despite platform, application, organizational, and other barriers.
2	1	data warehousing	the process allowing important day-to-day operational data to be stored and organized for simplified access.	the collection and storage of large amounts of data from a range of sources, in order to support the future decisions of management. this data is often historical.
0	0	data warehousing	use of info systems facilities to focus on the collection, org, integration, and long-term storage of entity-wide data	the process allowing important day-to-day operational data to be stored and organized for simplified access.
0	0	data warehousing	the use of a database or a collection of databases developed for an organization or an enterprise for analysis and support of management decisions	the process allowing important day-to-day operational data to be stored and organized for simplified access.
1	0	data warehousing	massive data stores of time series data for decision support	a system used for reporting and data analysis, and is considered a core component of business intelligence; data is stored in one place.
0	0	data parallelism	running the same task on different components of data.	distributes subsets of the same data across multiple cores, same operation on each
3	1	data parallelism	focuses on distributing subsets of the same data across multiple computing cores and performing the same operation on each core	distributes subsets of the same data across multiple cores, same operation on each
2	1	data parallelism	often there is a natural way of decomposing the data into smaller parts, which is then allocated to different processors. this is called data parallelism or geometric parallelism.	data to be processed exhibits parallelism same task is performed on same or different set/stream of data
2	1	replacement policy	-selects &"victims&" to be evicted -dirty lines must be written back to memory -possibly replacement policies	when memory is full, a decision must be made as to which page or pages are to be replaced.
2	1	replacement policy	deciding which cache line to evict	determines which block should be evicted from cache eg. lru
3	1	secondary storage	provides permanent or nonvolatile storage. using secondary storage devices, data and programs can be retained after the computer has been shut off.	provides nonvolatile storage. it retains its data and information after the computer system is turned off.
1	0	secondary storage	secondary storage is used for longer term storage and is managed as i/o, cpu does not have direct access and cannot execute instructions from them	storage that is remote to the cpu and permanently holds data, even when the power is turned off.
1	0	secondary storage	long term storage device for programs and data. may be magnetic or solid state.	consists of more inexpensive, nonvolatile storage available to a system for long term use (hard drives)
2	1	secondary storage	long-term program and data storage (hard disk, cd, etc)	this is the slowest and cheapest form of memory. it cannot be processed directly by the cpu. it must first be copied into primary storage (also known as ram).
2	1	secondary storage	nonvolatile, permanent storage, holds data when computer is off or during course of a program operation.	provides nonvolatile storage. it retains its data and information after the computer system is turned off.
2	1	secondary storage	long term, non-volatile storage media such as hard disks, memory sticks, magnetic tapes and cds	nonvolatile external device used to store information. includes magnetic, optical and electrical storage.
2	1	secondary storage	a device that stores large amounts of data, instructions, and information more permanently than allowed with main memory.	storage that is more permanent and often larger than the main memory.
2	1	secondary storage	a non-volatile storage device used to store file data and the operating system while not in use	external data storage used to store data in a non-volatile form
2	1	secondary storage	storage that is saved even when computer turns off, i.e. the hard drive	non-volatile storage used to store programs and files that need to be kept even when the power is not on
2	1	secondary storage	secondary memory includes long-term storage devices that you use everyday	a device that stores large amounts of data, instructions, and information more permanently than allowed with main memory.
2	1	secondary storage	this is the slowest and cheapest form of memory. it cannot be processed directly by the cpu. it must first be copied into primary storage (also known as ram).	non-volatile storage used to store programs and files that need to be kept even when the power is not on
1	0	secondary storage	long-term storage for instructions and data that a central processing unit does not need at the moment, but is expected to need in the future.	a device that stores large amounts of data, instructions, and information more permanently than allowed with main memory.
2	1	secondary storage	secondary storage provides permanent storage for information. hard disks, flash drives, and cd-roms are examples of secondary storage.	permanent or non-volatile storage. examples include hard disks, cd-roms, tapes and floppy disks.
1	0	secondary storage	long-term program and data storage (hard disk, cd, etc)	non-volatile storage used to store programs and files that need to be kept even when the power is not on
1	0	secondary storage	storage that is remote to the cpu and permanently holds data, even when the pc is turned off, such as a hard drive.	secondary storage (sometimes called backing storage) is the name for all of the devices (apart from rom and ram) that can store data in a computer system
1	0	secondary storage	not directly accessible to the processor because data has to be transferred into ram	storage for data and program instructions using magnetic devices (disk, tape), optical devices (cd) or electronic devices (solid state drives, flash drive, memory card).
2	1	secondary storage	-stores information permanently  -in order to transfer info, mm and secondary storage must be directly connected -ex: hard disks, flash drives, and cd-roms	holds data and programs even when powered off. (3 types: hard disk, sss, optical disc)
3	1	secondary storage	storage that is more permanent and often larger than the main memory.	also called permanent storage - for computer systems that need to store larger amounts of data more permanently than main memory allows
2	1	secondary storage	a type of memory that can hold data for long periods of time.	-is non-volatile -where all data is stored when not in use. -a device that stores data for a long period of time i.e. hard drive.
1	0	secondary storage	slower, cheaper, non-volatile storage used to store programs and documents that are currently not in use.	non-volatile storage used to store data and files that need to be kept even when the power is not on.
3	1	secondary storage	nonvolatile, permanent storage, holds data when computer is off or during course of a program operation.	permanent/non-volatile storage where data and programs can be retained after the computer has been shut of
1	0	secondary storage	secondary storage (sometimes called backing storage) is the name for all of the devices (apart from rom and ram) that can store data in a computer system	long term storage such as a hard drive or thumb drive. described as &"persistent&" since its data persists even without electricity.
2	1	secondary storage	secondary memory includes long-term storage devices that you use everyday	also called permanent storage - for computer systems that need to store larger amounts of data more permanently than main memory allows
2	1	secondary storage	long term storage device for programs and data. may be magnetic or solid state.	storage that is more permanent and often larger than the main memory.
3	1	secondary storage	provides nonvolatile storage. it retains its data and information after the computer system is turned off.	permanent/non-volatile storage where data and programs can be retained after the computer has been shut of
1	0	secondary storage	-stores information permanently  -in order to transfer info, mm and secondary storage must be directly connected -ex: hard disks, flash drives, and cd-roms	this is the slowest and cheapest form of memory. it cannot be processed directly by the cpu. it must first be copied into primary storage (also known as ram).
0	0	secondary storage	long-term data storage, slow to access	hardware that provides data intergirty, low cost, mass storage capacity and permanent storage  two types - direct access - sequential access
1	0	secondary storage	long term storage device for programs and data. may be magnetic or solid state.	long-term storage for instructions and data that a central processing unit does not need at the moment, but is expected to need in the future.
1	0	secondary storage	secondary storage is used for longer term storage and is managed as i/o, cpu does not have direct access and cannot execute instructions from them	retains data after the computer is turned off or in a space separate from the computer
1	0	secondary storage	storage that is remote to the cpu and permanently holds data, even when the pc is turned off, such as a hard drive.	-stores information permanently  -in order to transfer info, mm and secondary storage must be directly connected -ex: hard disks, flash drives, and cd-roms
1	0	secondary storage	storage within a computer for storing files long term	external data storage used to store data so that the computer can be switched off.
2	1	secondary storage	secondary storage is used for longer term storage and is managed as i/o, cpu does not have direct access and cannot execute instructions from them	devices used to store files long term, even when power has gone. works at a speed far slower than the cpu or ram.
2	1	secondary storage	long-term program and data storage (hard disk, cd, etc)	-stores information permanently  -in order to transfer info, mm and secondary storage must be directly connected -ex: hard disks, flash drives, and cd-roms
3	1	secondary storage	long term storage of data, files, software, operating system.	storage within a computer for storing files long term
2	1	secondary storage	long-term storage for instructions and data that a central processing unit does not need at the moment, but is expected to need in the future.	consists of more inexpensive, nonvolatile storage available to a system for long term use (hard drives)
2	1	secondary storage	long term storage of data, files, software, operating system.	-long term storage -non volatile -magnetic storage  -optical storage -solid state storage
0	0	secondary storage	secondary memory includes long-term storage devices that you use everyday	storage that is more permanent and often larger than the main memory.
2	1	secondary storage	any non-volatile storage not directly accessible by cpu.  slower read/write speeds.  e.g: cds, sd cards	non-volatile storage where applications, software and data are stored when not in use. read/write speeds are much slower compared to primary storage. ssd, optical disks, magnetic hard drive.
2	1	secondary storage	storage that is remote to the cpu and permanently holds data, even when the power is turned off.	devices used to store files long term, even when power has gone. works at a speed far slower than the cpu or ram.
2	1	secondary storage	holds data and programs for long periods of time (ex. hard drive, flash drive, cloud storage, cd)	storage that is remote to the cpu and permanently holds data, even when the pc is turned off, such as a hard drive.
2	1	secondary storage	long-term program and data storage (hard disk, cd, etc)	secondary storage (sometimes called backing storage) is the name for all of the devices (apart from rom and ram) that can store data in a computer system
1	0	secondary storage	secondary memory includes long-term storage devices that you use everyday	is non volatile storage, does contain storage after the computer system is turned off
2	1	secondary storage	holds data and programs even when powered off. (3 types: hard disk, sss, optical disc)	long term storage such as a hard drive or thumb drive. described as &"persistent&" since its data persists even without electricity.
2	1	secondary storage	the long term non-volatile storage of data	-long term storage -non volatile -magnetic storage  -optical storage -solid state storage
1	0	secondary storage	holds data and programs for long periods of time (ex. hard drive, flash drive, cloud storage, cd)	holds data and programs even when powered off. (3 types: hard disk, sss, optical disc)
1	0	secondary storage	devices used to store files long term, even when power has gone. works at a speed far slower than the cpu or ram.	retains data after the computer is turned off or in a space separate from the computer
2	1	secondary storage	hard disk/drive. the hard disk has enormous storage capacity compared to main memory. found inside the case of your computer.	non-volatile storage used to store programs and files that need to be kept even when the power is not on
2	1	secondary storage	hard disk/drive. the hard disk has enormous storage capacity compared to main memory. found inside the case of your computer.	long term storage such as a hard drive or thumb drive. described as &"persistent&" since its data persists even without electricity.
0	0	secondary storage	this kind of storage provides permanent or nonvolatile storage	nonvolatile, temporary storage
1	0	secondary storage	slower, cheaper, non-volatile storage used to store programs and documents that are currently not in use.	also known as auxiliary storage, is used to store files permanently for future use. they are used because memory storage devices are limited in size and are volatile.
2	1	secondary storage	secondary memory includes long-term storage devices that you use everyday	consists of more inexpensive, nonvolatile storage available to a system for long term use (hard drives)
3	1	secondary storage	equipment designed to store large volumes of data for long-term storage (diskette, cd, dvd, memory stick)	consists of equipment designed to store large volumes of data for long-term storage examples: floppy disks hard disks cd dvd
2	1	secondary storage	holds data and programs for long periods of time (ex. hard drive, flash drive, cloud storage, cd)	non-volatile storage used to store programs and files that need to be kept even when the power is not on
2	1	secondary storage	storage that is remote to the cpu and permanently holds data, even when the pc is turned off, such as a hard drive.	long term storage such as a hard drive or thumb drive. described as &"persistent&" since its data persists even without electricity.
1	0	secondary storage	hard disk/drive. the hard disk has enormous storage capacity compared to main memory. found inside the case of your computer.	this is the slowest and cheapest form of memory. it cannot be processed directly by the cpu. it must first be copied into primary storage (also known as ram).
2	1	secondary storage	holds data and programs for long periods of time (ex. hard drive, flash drive, cloud storage, cd)	hard disk/drive. the hard disk has enormous storage capacity compared to main memory. found inside the case of your computer.
2	1	secondary storage	memory that holds data for long periods of time (such as word documents or applications.)	a type of memory that can hold data for long periods of time, even when there is no power to the computer
2	1	secondary storage	storage that is saved even when computer turns off, i.e. the hard drive	long term storage such as a hard drive or thumb drive. described as &"persistent&" since its data persists even without electricity.
0	0	secondary storage	holds programs that aren't currently running as well as groups of data items that are too large to fit in primary storage	backing storage- for when data is no longer being actively used.
2	1	secondary storage	nonvolatile. examples include local storage (hard drive), removable storage (flash drive), cloud storage. slower than ram. for storage between computer power cycles.	this is sometimes called auxiliary storage, it cannot be read directly by the cpu. non-volatile. large capacities, can sometimes be removable. examples are hard disk, usb flash drive, ssd, cd-r.
2	1	secondary storage	secondary memory includes long-term storage devices that you use everyday	long-term storage for instructions and data that a central processing unit does not need at the moment, but is expected to need in the future.
1	0	secondary storage	hard disk/drive. the hard disk has enormous storage capacity compared to main memory. found inside the case of your computer.	secondary storage (sometimes called backing storage) is the name for all of the devices (apart from rom and ram) that can store data in a computer system
1	0	secondary storage	consists of more inexpensive, nonvolatile storage available to a system for long term use (hard drives)	storage that is more permanent and often larger than the main memory.
3	1	secondary storage	long-term storage for instructions and data that a central processing unit does not need at the moment, but is expected to need in the future.	also called permanent storage - for computer systems that need to store larger amounts of data more permanently than main memory allows
0	0	secondary storage	long term storage device for programs and data. may be magnetic or solid state.	a device that stores large amounts of data, instructions, and information more permanently than allowed with main memory.
2	1	secondary storage	secondary memory includes long-term storage devices that you use everyday	long term storage device for programs and data. may be magnetic or solid state.
3	1	secondary storage	place where programs are stored long term even when there is no power on the computer	even when there is no power to the computer, data can be held in
3	1	secondary storage	non-volatile storage used to store data and files that need to be kept even when the power is not on.	non-volatile storage used to store programs and files that need to be kept even when the power is not on. permanent storage
3	1	secondary storage	consists of more inexpensive, nonvolatile storage available to a system for long term use (hard drives)	also called permanent storage - for computer systems that need to store larger amounts of data more permanently than main memory allows
0	0	secondary storage	long-term storage for instructions and data that a central processing unit does not need at the moment, but is expected to need in the future.	is non volatile storage, does contain storage after the computer system is turned off
0	0	secondary storage	-stores information permanently  -in order to transfer info, mm and secondary storage must be directly connected -ex: hard disks, flash drives, and cd-roms	non-volatile storage used to store programs and files that need to be kept even when the power is not on
2	1	secondary storage	storage that is remote to the cpu and permanently holds data, even when the pc is turned off, such as a hard drive.	non-volatile storage used to store programs and files that need to be kept even when the power is not on
1	0	secondary storage	long term storage of data, files, software, operating system.	the long term non-volatile storage of data
1	0	secondary storage	hard disk/drive. the hard disk has enormous storage capacity compared to main memory. found inside the case of your computer.	-stores information permanently  -in order to transfer info, mm and secondary storage must be directly connected -ex: hard disks, flash drives, and cd-roms
1	0	secondary storage	holds data and programs for long periods of time (ex. hard drive, flash drive, cloud storage, cd)	this is the slowest and cheapest form of memory. it cannot be processed directly by the cpu. it must first be copied into primary storage (also known as ram).
0	0	secondary storage	is non volatile storage, does contain storage after the computer system is turned off	also called permanent storage - for computer systems that need to store larger amounts of data more permanently than main memory allows
2	1	secondary storage	hard disc drive, solid-state drive; non-volatile (retains memory even if there's a break in the power supply) 128gb - 8tb	storage that is used for data and information not currently in use. these include hard drives, solid state drives, compact disks, usb's e.c.t.
1	0	secondary storage	a device that stores data for a long period of time. includes hard disk drives, solid-state drives, and off-line storage (cds, dvds, dvd-ram and blu-ray disks)	storage that is permanent. includes all the devices represented by volume letters in your computer's file storage system: hard drives, removable flash drives, cd and dvd drives, and so on.
1	0	secondary storage	secondary storage (sometimes called backing storage) is the name for all of the devices (apart from rom and ram) that can store data in a computer system	this is the slowest and cheapest form of memory. it cannot be processed directly by the cpu. it must first be copied into primary storage (also known as ram).
2	1	secondary storage	storage that is remote to the cpu and permanently holds data, even when the pc is turned off, such as a hard drive.	this is the slowest and cheapest form of memory. it cannot be processed directly by the cpu. it must first be copied into primary storage (also known as ram).
1	0	secondary storage	holds data and programs even when powered off. (3 types: hard disk, sss, optical disc)	secondary storage (sometimes called backing storage) is the name for all of the devices (apart from rom and ram) that can store data in a computer system
1	0	secondary storage	external data storage used to store data so that the computer can be switched off.	-long term storage -non volatile -magnetic storage  -optical storage -solid state storage
2	1	secondary storage	storage that is saved even when computer turns off, i.e. the hard drive	storage that is remote to the cpu and permanently holds data, even when the pc is turned off, such as a hard drive.
1	0	secondary storage	long term storage device for programs and data. may be magnetic or solid state.	also called permanent storage - for computer systems that need to store larger amounts of data more permanently than main memory allows
1	0	secondary storage	hard disk/drive. the hard disk has enormous storage capacity compared to main memory. found inside the case of your computer.	storage that is remote to the cpu and permanently holds data, even when the pc is turned off, such as a hard drive.
3	1	secondary storage	provides permanent or nonvolatile storage. using secondary storage devices, data and programs can be retained after the computer has been shut off.	permanent/non-volatile storage where data and programs can be retained after the computer has been shut of
2	1	secondary storage	a device used to store data for long periods of time - even when the system is turned off.	-is non-volatile -where all data is stored when not in use. -a device that stores data for a long period of time i.e. hard drive.
1	0	secondary storage	holds data and programs for long periods of time.	even when there is no power to the computer, data can be held in
1	0	secondary storage	it is non-volatile. it is where all data are stored when not in use. read/write speeds are much slower compared to primary storage.	- where all data (applications, operating system, user files) are stored when computer not in used - can include use of hdds, ssds, cds, sd cards
1	0	secondary storage	long-term program and data storage (hard disk, cd, etc)	hard disk/drive. the hard disk has enormous storage capacity compared to main memory. found inside the case of your computer.
1	0	secondary storage	storage that is used for data and information not currently in use. these include hard drives, solid state drives, compact disks, usb's e.c.t.	nonvolatile. examples include local storage (hard drive), removable storage (flash drive), cloud storage. slower than ram. for storage between computer power cycles.
1	0	secondary storage	- where all data (applications, operating system, user files) are stored when computer not in used - can include use of hdds, ssds, cds, sd cards	non-volatile memory that is used to store large amounts of data permanently
2	1	secondary storage	storage that is saved even when computer turns off, i.e. the hard drive	this is the slowest and cheapest form of memory. it cannot be processed directly by the cpu. it must first be copied into primary storage (also known as ram).
1	0	secondary storage	secondary storage (sometimes called backing storage) is the name for all of the devices (apart from rom and ram) that can store data in a computer system	non-volatile storage used to store programs and files that need to be kept even when the power is not on
3	1	secondary storage	provides permanent or nonvolatile storage. using secondary storage devices, data and programs can be retained after the computer has been shut off.	nonvolatile, permanent storage, holds data when computer is off or during course of a program operation.
3	1	secondary storage	storage that is remote to the cpu and permanently holds data, even when the pc is turned off, such as a hard drive. - it is non-volatile	storage that is remote to the cpu and permanently holds data, even when the pc is turned off, such as a hard drive or flash drive fixed or removable permanent*
2	1	secondary storage	storage that is remote to the cpu and permanently holds data, even when the power is turned off.	retains data after the computer is turned off or in a space separate from the computer
1	0	secondary storage	holds data and programs for long periods of time.	place where programs are stored long term even when there is no power on the computer
3	1	secondary storage	big category of storage devices for data and programs that will not delete when power is off. permanent, non-volatile	nonvolatile storage  stores programs and data regardless of power
0	0	secondary storage	not directly accessible to the processor because data has to be transferred into ram	nonvolatile external device used to store information. includes magnetic, optical and electrical storage.
3	1	secondary storage	holds data and programs even when powered off. (3 types: hard disk, sss, optical disc)	non-volatile storage used to store programs and files that need to be kept even when the power is not on
2	1	secondary storage	long term storage device for programs and data. may be magnetic or solid state.	is non volatile storage, does contain storage after the computer system is turned off
1	0	secondary storage	hard disk/drive. the hard disk has enormous storage capacity compared to main memory. found inside the case of your computer.	holds data and programs even when powered off. (3 types: hard disk, sss, optical disc)
1	0	secondary storage	is non volatile storage, does contain storage after the computer system is turned off	storage that is more permanent and often larger than the main memory.
1	0	secondary storage	storage that is saved even when computer turns off, i.e. the hard drive	secondary storage (sometimes called backing storage) is the name for all of the devices (apart from rom and ram) that can store data in a computer system
3	1	secondary storage	storage within a computer for storing files long term	the long term non-volatile storage of data
3	1	secondary storage	long-term program and data storage (hard disk, cd, etc)	holds data and programs for long periods of time (ex. hard drive, flash drive, cloud storage, cd)
3	1	secondary storage	long-term program and data storage (hard disk, cd, etc)	storage that is saved even when computer turns off, i.e. the hard drive
1	0	secondary storage	long-term program and data storage (hard disk, cd, etc)	storage that is remote to the cpu and permanently holds data, even when the pc is turned off, such as a hard drive.
1	0	secondary storage	external data storage used to store data so that the computer can be switched off.	the long term non-volatile storage of data
3	1	secondary storage	long term storage such as a hard drive or thumb drive. described as &"persistent&" since its data persists even without electricity.	non-volatile storage used to store programs and files that need to be kept even when the power is not on
2	1	secondary storage	long-term program and data storage (hard disk, cd, etc)	long term storage such as a hard drive or thumb drive. described as &"persistent&" since its data persists even without electricity.
1	0	secondary storage	non volatile memory that can store the os, applications and files permanently.	slower than other types of memory
1	0	secondary storage	long-term storage for instructions and data that a central processing unit does not need at the moment, but is expected to need in the future.	storage that is more permanent and often larger than the main memory.
2	1	secondary storage	-stores information permanently  -in order to transfer info, mm and secondary storage must be directly connected -ex: hard disks, flash drives, and cd-roms	secondary storage (sometimes called backing storage) is the name for all of the devices (apart from rom and ram) that can store data in a computer system
0	0	secondary storage	external devices such as servers are referred to as	auxiliary, external, or permanent storage on devices or servers.
0	0	secondary storage	a device that stores data for a long period of time. includes hard disk drives, solid-state drives, and off-line storage (cds, dvds, dvd-ram and blu-ray disks)	can be removable, internal or external storage: -magnetic storage (hard drives) -optical storage (cd-rom discs) -flash memory (ssds, memory sticks)
1	0	secondary storage	long term storage of data, files, software, operating system.	external data storage used to store data so that the computer can be switched off.
3	1	secondary storage	a device that stores large amounts of data, instructions, and information more permanently than allowed with main memory.	also called permanent storage - for computer systems that need to store larger amounts of data more permanently than main memory allows
0	0	secondary storage	not directly accessible to the processor because data has to be transferred into ram	long term, non-volatile storage media such as hard disks, memory sticks, magnetic tapes and cds
3	1	secondary storage	storage that is saved even when computer turns off, i.e. the hard drive	holds data and programs even when powered off. (3 types: hard disk, sss, optical disc)
0	0	secondary storage	-stores information permanently  -in order to transfer info, mm and secondary storage must be directly connected -ex: hard disks, flash drives, and cd-roms	long term storage such as a hard drive or thumb drive. described as &"persistent&" since its data persists even without electricity.
2	1	secondary storage	storage that is saved even when computer turns off, i.e. the hard drive	holds data and programs for long periods of time (ex. hard drive, flash drive, cloud storage, cd)
0	0	memory errors	if memory is a network, events are not filed away distinctly. memory made of nodes that either aid in retrieval or lead to false recollection	- errors of commission - errors of ommission
0	0	memory errors	code that surpasses your computer's memory. mistakes such as forgetting something, combining two or more memories into one, or actually creating false memories	- errors of commission - errors of ommission
0	0	memory errors	code that surpasses your computer's memory. mistakes such as forgetting something, combining two or more memories into one, or actually creating false memories	if memory is a network, events are not filed away distinctly. memory made of nodes that either aid in retrieval or lead to false recollection
0	0	relational model	collection of tables to represent data and relationship among data that is represemted through model.	the basis of today's database management systems, which make the data appear as a two-dimensional table
3	1	relational model	all data is logically structured within relations (tables). contains attributes and tuples.	- database is a collection of relations - each relation has attributes and a collection of tuples
1	0	relational model	a model to show a database which uses tables to describe the relations between data	a database model in which data and the relationships among them are organized into tables using key values to match
2	1	relational model	views database as a collection of two dimensional tables  no complicated pointers or lists  use of relational algebra. selections and joins	portrays data in the form of 2 dimensional tables -its strength is the ease with which tables may be linked to one another based on data relationships
3	1	relational model	-based on set theory and mathematical relations  -data is logically arranged in tables  -relationships are represented using values stored in tables (entities)  -data organized as two-dimensional tables	a database model that describes data in which all data elements are placed in two-dimensional tables, called relations, which are the logical equivalent of files.
1	0	relational model	ted codd introduced this model  using relational calculus and relational algebra	the relational model of data is based on the concept of a relation  proposed in 1970 by e.f. codd (ibm), first commercial system in 1981-82.
3	1	relational model	this model uses a two-dimensional table of rows and columns of data. rows are records (also called tuples), and columns are fields (also referred to as attributes)	most popular two dimensional table of rows and columns  rows are records (tuples) columns are fields (attributes)
1	0	relational model	mimics the structure of a relational database closely enough that you can actually sit down and start building the database.	data are organized in two-dimensional tables called relations.  the tables are related to each other by way of shared primary key  the most popular model.
0	0	relational model	views database as a collection of two dimensional tables  no complicated pointers or lists  use of relational algebra. selections and joins	mimics the structure of a relational database closely enough that you can actually sit down and start building the database.
2	1	relational model	introduced in 1970, e.f codd created, an ibm manager based on &"relational algebra,&" which is now the standard model for commercial (relational) dbms products.	the relational model of data is based on the concept of a relation  proposed in 1970 by e.f. codd (ibm), first commercial system in 1981-82.
1	0	relational model	represents data as a collection of relations	collection of tables to represent data and relationship among data that is represemted through model.
3	1	relational model	uses a two dimensional table of rows and columns of data - each row recorded in a table - each column is a field or attribute of the records	uses a two-dimensional table of rows (records) and columns (fields) of data
2	1	relational model	data are organized in two-dimensional tables called relations.  the tables are related to each other by way of shared primary key  the most popular model.	portrays data in the form of 2 dimensional tables -its strength is the ease with which tables may be linked to one another based on data relationships
3	1	relational model	this model uses a two-dimensional table of rows and columns of data. rows are records (also called tuples), and columns are fields (also referred to as attributes)	uses a 2-d table of rows and columns of data. rows are records (also called tuples), and columns are fields (also called attributes).
3	1	relational model	uses a 2-d table of rows and columns of data. rows are records (also called tuples), and columns are fields (also called attributes).	most popular two dimensional table of rows and columns  rows are records (tuples) columns are fields (attributes)
2	1	relational model	views database as a collection of two dimensional tables  no complicated pointers or lists  use of relational algebra. selections and joins	data are organized in two-dimensional tables called relations.  the tables are related to each other by way of shared primary key  the most popular model.
3	1	relational model	uses a two-dimensional table of rows and columns of data  rows are records and columns are fields	uses a two dimensional table of rows and columns of data - each row recorded in a table - each column is a field or attribute of the records
3	1	relational model	uses a two-dimensional table of rows and columns of data  rows are records and columns are fields	uses a two-dimensional table of rows (records) and columns (fields) of data
1	0	relational model	introduced in 1970, e.f codd created, an ibm manager based on &"relational algebra,&" which is now the standard model for commercial (relational) dbms products.	all relational database dbms products are built on this model -e.f. codd applied the concepts of a branch of math called relational algebra to the problem of databases
1	0	relational model	based on mathematical set theory and represents data as independent relations	it is a mathematical concept known as a relation.
1	0	relational model	represents data as a collection of relations	the basis of today's database management systems, which make the data appear as a two-dimensional table
1	0	relational model	all relational database dbms products are built on this model -e.f. codd applied the concepts of a branch of math called relational algebra to the problem of databases	ted codd introduced this model  using relational calculus and relational algebra
3	1	dynamic analysis	type of check that is performed on code while it is running	a method of testing code that checks the code as it is running.
1	0	dynamic analysis	actual program execution to expose possible program failure	- done when the program is running  - program monitors  - coverage of the test cases given in summary statistics
0	0	dynamic analysis	exam code while the software is executed. fed inputs and checking outputs.	the process of checking an application, or at least a piece of an application, by running the code and observing the logic, inputs, interface, and memory management.
1	0	dynamic analysis	exam code while the software is executed. fed inputs and checking outputs.	send random input to an application to see if it can handle the data or have any other problems.
2	1	dynamic analysis	a type of software testing in which a program is executed and the results of this execution are examined	detailed examination of code while it is executing
0	0	dynamic analysis	performed while the software is executed, either on a target system or an emulated system	the process of evaluating  behavior , e.g., memory performance, cpu usage, of a system or  component  during execution.
0	0	dynamic analysis	- examine execution trace of code   - allows you to get closer to what is actually happening before (or as) the bug is encountered	code fuzzing, checks the code as it is running, by sending random data
0	0	dynamic analysis	runs an instrumented program in a controlled manner to collect info that can be analyzed to learn about a certain property   (think: treadmill heart study analogy)	when a program is being analyzed while being executed it's called for an dynamic analysis. it's recommended that you use virtual machine to avoid getting your computer any malwares.
3	1	dynamic analysis	a type of software testing in which a program is executed and the results of this execution are examined	involves execution the program and observing the outcomes
1	0	dynamic analysis	the process of checking an application, or at least a piece of an application, by running the code and observing the logic, inputs, interface, and memory management.	send random input to an application to see if it can handle the data or have any other problems.
0	0	dynamic analysis	exam code while the software is executed. fed inputs and checking outputs.	- debug running process - memory dumps  - system calls / library call / instruction trace  - network packet captures
1	0	dynamic analysis	performed while the software is executed	detailed examination of code while it is executing
2	1	dynamic analysis	checks the code as it is running. sometimes uses fuzzing or random data.	code fuzzing, checks the code as it is running, by sending random data
1	0	dynamic analysis	performed while the software is executed	a type of software testing in which a program is executed and the results of this execution are examined
1	0	dynamic analysis	performed while the software is executed	involves execution the program and observing the outcomes
1	0	file system	used to control how data is stored and accessed. groups data to make it easy to identify where one piece of info begins and ends. groups known files.	an organized method to save and retrieve files
1	0	file system	os component that controls and manages storage and retrieval of files in a compute system	a method used by operating systems to store, retrieve, and organize files.
2	1	file system	a hierarchy of files and their respective directories, responsible for determining allocated and unallocated storage space	the method and format an os uses to store, locate, and retrieve files from electronic storage media.
1	0	file system	resides on secondary storage  provides efficient and convenient access to disk and by allowing data to be stored, located and retrieved easily	provides user interface to storage, mapping logical to physical and provides efficient and convenient access to disk by allowing data to be stored, located, retrieved easily
1	0	file system	resides on secondary storage  provides efficient and convenient access to disk and by allowing data to be stored, located and retrieved easily	a process that manages how and where data on a storage disk is stored, accessed and managed.
3	1	file system	the overall structure that an os uses to name, store, and organize files on a disk. examples are ntfs and fat32.	the overall structure your computer uses to name, store, and organize files and folders on a hard disk or partition.
3	1	file system	the part of the operating system on a computer that controls how files are organized and stored.	the methods and structures used by the os to organize and manage files stored on disk
1	0	file system	- implementation of abstraction (files) for secondary storage - logical organization into directories - sharing of data between processes, people, machines - access control	allows operating systems to manage and find files on storage, specifying organisation, writing, associated metadata, and physical storage location
1	0	file system	a collection of information maintained long term on behalf of the users of a computer system which consist of files and directory structures	the overall structure in which files are named, stored, and organized. a file system consists of files, directories (or folders), and the information needed to locate and access these items.
0	0	file system	can be general or special-purpose	provides the input and output mechanisms for the operating system.
3	1	file system	resides on the disks. provides ui to storage, mapping logical to physical	resides on secondary storage. provides user interface to storage, mapping logical to physical addresses
3	1	file system	the part of the operating system on a computer that controls how files are organized and stored.	os component that controls and manages storage and retrieval of files in a compute system
3	1	file system	the methods and structures used by the os to organize and manage files stored on disk	os component that controls and manages storage and retrieval of files in a compute system
3	1	file system	keeps track of names and locations of files that reside on a storage medium	technique used to keep track of files and their storage locations
3	1	file system	used by os to keep track of names and locations of files	technique used to keep track of files and their storage locations
2	1	file system	used by os to keep track of names and locations of files	keeps track of names and locations of files that reside on a storage medium
2	1	file system	a collection of information maintained long term on behalf of the users of a computer system which consist of files and directory structures	describes the use of files as a data repository, where each file contains rows of data organized as data structures.
2	1	file system	is how we manage these files.	how files are managed and placed within an operating system.
3	1	access time	amount of time it takes to complete a request for data to be retrieved from storage	the average time taken for a device to search and read the required data on the storage medium.
2	1	access time	the estimated time for a storage device to locate data on a disk, usually measured in milliseconds.	amount of time it takes to complete a request for data to be retrieved from storage
3	1	access time	(computer science) the interval between the time data is requested by the system and the time the data is provided by the drive	the average time it takes a computer to locate data on the storage medium and read it
2	1	access time	the estimated time for a storage device to locate data on a disk, usually measured in milliseconds.	the average time taken for a device to search and read the required data on the storage medium.
2	1	access time	the amount of time required for a disk drive's read/write head to locate data on the surface of a disk.	the time to read or write a disk page, made up of seek time + rotation delay + transfer time
2	1	access time	the time to read or write a disk page, made up of seek time + rotation delay + transfer time	seek time + latency + transfer time; unequal amounts of time: seek &gt; latency &gt; transfer
1	0	access time	the time between a computer's request for data and the completion of the transfer of that data is called......	the average time taken for a device to search and read the required data on the storage medium.
1	0	access time	the amount of time required for a disk drive's read/write head to locate data on the surface of a disk.	seek time + latency + transfer time; unequal amounts of time: seek &gt; latency &gt; transfer
3	1	access time	the time between a computer's request for data and the completion of the transfer of that data is called......	amount of time it takes to complete a request for data to be retrieved from storage
0	0	access time	the time between a computer's request for data and the completion of the transfer of that data is called......	the estimated time for a storage device to locate data on a disk, usually measured in milliseconds.
2	1	access time	the average time taken for a device to search and read the required data on the storage medium.	the time it takes a storage device to locate its stored data
1	0	access time	the time between a computer's request for data and the completion of the transfer of that data is called......	the time it takes a storage device to locate its stored data
3	1	access time	how long it takes to retrieve data from a memory location.	this is the time taken to read data from a given memory location. made up of latency &  transfer time.
2	1	access time	finding info and putting it into main memory. in terms of milliseconds. very quick	time it takes to find data on hardware and copy it into main memory
3	1	access time	the estimated time for a storage device to locate data on a disk, usually measured in milliseconds.	the time it takes a storage device to locate its stored data
2	1	access time	amount of time it takes to complete a request for data to be retrieved from storage	the time it takes a storage device to locate its stored data
3	1	access time	the amount of time it takes a storage device (1) to locate an item on a storage medium or (2) to deliver an item from memory to the processor	the time it takes a storage device to locate its stored data or the time required to deliver an item from memory to the processor
1	0	significant difference	in an experiment, a difference that is unlikely to have occurred because of chance alone.	is there a significant difference between the average mean or can the difference be explained by random chance
1	0	significant difference	a measured difference between experimental groups that is large enough that it is likely not due to chance	a difference that is unlikely to have occurred because of chance alone
3	1	significant difference	a measured difference between experimental groups that is large enough that it is likely not due to chance	a measurable difference between the groups and that, statistically, the probability of obtaining that difference by chance is very small
1	0	significant difference	a difference that is unlikely to have occurred because of chance alone	a measurable difference between the groups and that, statistically, the probability of obtaining that difference by chance is very small
0	0	significant difference	is there a significant difference between the average mean or can the difference be explained by random chance	two results are only significantly different if their difference is much larger than the estimated error.
1	0	significant difference	in an experiment, a difference that is unlikely to have occurred because of chance alone.	two results are only significantly different if their difference is much larger than the estimated error.
2	1	computer networks	two or more computers that are connected and share data and programs	set of computers connected together for the purpose of sharing resources.
0	0	computer networks	a collection of computers &  devices connected together via communication devices &  transmission media.	connect two or more computers
2	1	computer networks	a collection of computers &  devices connected together via communication devices &  transmission media.	the communications media, devices, and software needed to connect two or more computer systems or devices
1	0	xml schema	a set of statements that specifies the elements (tags), the attributes (characteristics associated	defines:  1. elements that can appear in a file 2. attributes that can appear for each element 3. default &  fixed values for elements &  attributes
0	0	molecular biology	the branch of biology involved with studying the structure and function of essential macromolecules (e.g. nucleic acids and proteins)	molecules that make up the cells
2	1	molecular biology	molecules that make up the cells	study individual molecules such as proteins in living cells
0	0	hash tables	conversion of large keys to small keys using hash functions. a good function is easy to compute, uniformly distributed, and less collisions.	-a hash table is a data structure that creates a mapping between keys and values.  -a collision in this context is when two value compute to the same hash.
1	0	hash tables	a hash table is a data structure that stores unordered items by mapping (or hashing) each item to a location in an array (or vector).	conversion of large keys to small keys using hash functions. a good function is easy to compute, uniformly distributed, and less collisions.
3	1	extensible markup language	manages unstructured data for efficient and effective exchange of all data types.	manages unstructured data for efficient and effective exchange of structured semistructured, and unstructured data.
3	1	extensible markup language	a markup language specification developed by the world wide web consortium (w3c) that is designed to describe data and information	a new markup language specification developed by w3c that is designed to describe data and information
3	1	extensible markup language	a metalanguage used to represent and manipulate data elements. permits the manipulation of a document's data elements.	a metalanguage used to represent and manipulate data elements. unlike other markup languages, xml permits the manipulation of a document's data elements.
1	0	extensible markup language	a metalanguage used to represent and manipulate data elements in a textual format	a metalanguage used to represent and manipulate data elements. unlike other markup languages, xml permits the manipulation of a document's data elements.
2	1	extensible markup language	also called xml; a web-document tagging and formatting language that is an advance over html and that two computers can use to exchange information.	tagging language much like html used to describe data, tags are not predefined
1	0	extensible markup language	- a metalanguage used to represent and manipulate data elements - facilitates exchange of structured documents over the internet	a special language used to represent and manipulate data elements in a textual format.
2	1	extensible markup language	a metalanguage used to represent and manipulate data elements. permits the manipulation of a document's data elements.	a metalanguage used to represent and manipulate data elements in a textual format
1	0	extensible markup language	language used to manipulate data	- a metalanguage used to represent and manipulate data elements - facilitates exchange of structured documents over the internet
1	0	statistical model	find an analytical solution to a problem and predict behavior given a set of parameters and initial conditions	it is a statistical process devised to make predictions about the expected behaviour of a real world problem
1	0	statistical model	a description of an uncertain outcome using random variables that characterize sources of variation	models that use a limited number of specific variables and are expressed as mathematical equation
1	0	access points	are open areas where other devices can communicate with another. in ad hoc bss, two comps can communicate solely with each other. in infrastructure, access points are left open.	are the first line of defense, where access to a network is either granted or denied.
1	0	access points	are open areas where other devices can communicate with another. in ad hoc bss, two comps can communicate solely with each other. in infrastructure, access points are left open.	controls what devices are allowed to the network by using acl and nac.
2	1	access points	controls what devices are allowed to the network by using acl and nac.	are the first line of defense, where access to a network is either granted or denied.
2	1	fuzzy logic	method of handling imprecise or subjective info assigns 0 or 1 to vague data	ai that is a mathematical method of handeling imprecise or subjective info. assigning values.
1	0	fuzzy logic	an algorithm that can process incomplete or partially correct data to solve unstructured problems	a method of dealing with imprecise data and uncertainty, with problems that have many answers rather than one.
2	1	fuzzy logic	a technique used to designed to deal with imprecise or problematic data within an expert system.	a method of dealing with imprecise data and uncertainty, with problems that have many answers rather than one.
0	0	fuzzy logic	like boolean, but ranking from 0-1 depending on preference. also creates results table (see slide)	(2nd component of expert systems) allows approximate values and inferences as well as incomplete or ambiguous data
2	1	fuzzy logic	technique that an expert system shell uses to deal with data that is imprecise/problematic. it deals with this type of data by working with confidence levels	the technique an expert system uses to deal with imprecise data by providing for a level of confidence.
0	0	fuzzy logic	like boolean, but ranking from 0-1 depending on preference. also creates results table (see slide)	a method of reasoning that resembles human reasoning which allows for approximate values and inferences and can use incomplete or ambiguous data
1	0	fuzzy logic	a technique used to designed to deal with imprecise or problematic data within an expert system.	a technique used within an expert system to deal with imprecise data by incorporating the probability that the input information is correct.
0	0	fuzzy logic	an algorithm that can process incomplete or partially correct data to solve unstructured problems	a technique used to designed to deal with imprecise or problematic data within an expert system.
0	0	fuzzy logic	rule-based ai that tolerates imprecision by using nonspecific terms called membership functions to solve problems	ai system that classifies imprecise information and is often used in washing machines to detect moisture levels or when clothes are clean.
2	1	fuzzy logic	a method of reasoning that resembles human reasoning which allows for approximate values and inferences and can use incomplete or ambiguous data	(2nd component of expert systems) allows approximate values and inferences as well as incomplete or ambiguous data
1	0	fuzzy logic	an algorithm that can process incomplete or partially correct data to solve unstructured problems	a technique used within an expert system to deal with imprecise data by incorporating the probability that the input information is correct.
2	1	fuzzy logic	continuous truth value [0, 1]; used for expressing possibilities	branch of math that deals with uncertainties by simulating process of human reasoning.  - based on degrees of truth rather than &"true or false&"
0	0	fuzzy logic	ai system that classifies imprecise information and is often used in washing machines to detect moisture levels or when clothes are clean.	rule-based ai that tolerates imprecision by using nonspecific terms called membership functions to solve problems. good for problems that require expertise (japanese subway system)
1	0	database management systems	type of software that allows organizations to more easily store, retrieve, and analyze data.	software used to manage the additions, updates, and deletions of data as transactions occur, and to support data queries and reporting
0	0	database management systems	collection of tools, features, and interfaces that enables users to add, update, manage, access content in database. advantages include timely, interactive and flexible data access	a software system that is used to create, maintain, and provide controlled access to user databases
3	1	database management systems	(dbms) the program that manages and controls the data and the interfaces between the data and the application programs that use the data stored in the database.	dbms - the application that is used to create, manipulate, and access the data in a database.
2	1	database management systems	software used to manage the additions, updates, and deletions of data as transactions occur, and to support data queries and reporting	developed to address the file system's inherent weaknesses. •a single data repository •promotes data sharing •eliminates islands of information •enforces data integrity •eliminates redundancy •promotes data security
1	0	database management systems	not a database, seperate software system and enables user to utilize database information more efficiently.	a collection of software that supports the use, creation and maintainance of databases
1	0	database management systems	software that permits an organization to centralize data, manage them efficiently, and provide access to the stored data by application programs	developed to address the file system's inherent weaknesses. •a single data repository •promotes data sharing •eliminates islands of information •enforces data integrity •eliminates redundancy •promotes data security
2	1	database management systems	a collection of software that supports the use, creation and maintainance of databases	a software system that is used to create, maintain, and provide controlled access to user databases
2	1	database management systems	not a database, seperate software system and enables user to utilize database information more efficiently.	collection of tools, features, and interfaces that enables users to add, update, manage, access content in database. advantages include timely, interactive and flexible data access
2	1	database management systems	a set of programs that provide users with tools to create and manage a database	software used to manage the additions, updates, and deletions of data as transactions occur, and to support data queries and reporting
3	1	database management systems	a software system that is used to create, maintain, and provide controlled access to user databases	is software system that provides the tools needed to create, maintain, and use a database.
1	0	database management systems	used for parts catalog, flight schedules, employee records, search engines, grocery store prices.	keeping customer records, sales records, appointments system.
3	1	database management systems	a software system that is used to create, maintain, and provide controlled access to user databases	software system that enables users to define, create, maintain, and control access to db
1	0	database management systems	software that permits an organization to centralize data, manage them efficiently, and provide access to the stored data by application programs	software used to manage the additions, updates, and deletions of data as transactions occur, and to support data queries and reporting
1	0	database management systems	type of software that allows organizations to more easily store, retrieve, and analyze data.	developed to address the file system's inherent weaknesses. •a single data repository •promotes data sharing •eliminates islands of information •enforces data integrity •eliminates redundancy •promotes data security
0	0	database management systems	software that permits an organization to centralize data, manage them efficiently, and provide access to the stored data by application programs	a set of programs that provide users with tools to create and manage a database
2	1	database management systems	organize related data for easy access.	allow the user to access the data by locating, analyzing and displaying data in an organized manner.
3	1	database management systems	a software system that is used to create, maintain, and provide controlled access to user databases	software that enables users to define, create, and maintain a database and provides controlled access to the database
1	0	database management systems	collection of tools, features, and interfaces that enables users to add, update, manage, access content in database. advantages include timely, interactive and flexible data access	a collection of software that supports the use, creation and maintainance of databases
0	0	software product	one or more programs, data, and supporting materials and services satisfying client needs and desires either as an independent artifact or as an essential ingredient in some other artifact.	programs, sub-programs, libraries, data , supporting materials and services, that a client uses to solve problems
3	1	software product	programs, sub-programs, libraries, data , supporting materials and services, that a client uses to solve problems	one or more programs, sub-programs, or libraries, along with data and supporting materials and services, that a client can use to solve problems or achieve goals
0	0	software product	one or more programs, data, and supporting materials and services satisfying client needs and desires either as an independent artifact or as an essential ingredient in some other artifact.	one or more programs, sub-programs, or libraries, along with data and supporting materials and services, that a client can use to solve problems or achieve goals
1	0	digital cameras	record and store images / video in digital form. the images are electronically stored on the camera	encodes images and videos digitally and stores them in the attached memory card for later reproduction.
0	0	digital cameras	camera that saves images digitally, often in jpeg format.	encodes images and videos digitally and stores them in the attached memory card for later reproduction.
3	1	digital cameras	camera that saves images digitally, often in jpeg format.	record and store images / video in digital form. the images are electronically stored on the camera
1	0	digital cameras	this produces digital images that can be stored in a computer and displayed on screen.	encodes images and videos digitally and stores them in the attached memory card for later reproduction.
0	0	digital cameras	typically include built - in storage and support additional storage by plugging in a memory card .	can transport malware without the user's knowledge and can be a source of data leakage.
3	1	digital cameras	an imaging device that uses digital technology to capture images and store data	a mobile devices that allows user to take pictures and store them digitally
3	1	packet loss	the number of packets that are lost or damaged during transmission. can be caused by an already full output buffer.	the number of packets that are lost or damaged during transmission, sometimes a result of finite queue space
1	0	packet loss	when an arriving packet finds that a packet buffer is full the packet becomes lost	either the arriving packet or one of the already-queued packets will be dropped
2	1	packet loss	due to the buffer being finite, in the case of a full buffer the arriving or one of the already queued packets get dropped	the loss of packets. may happen due to output queue overflow.
0	0	application development	the process of using a programming language or programming environment to build an application made up of one or more programs	the process of constructing the programs and code modules that will serve as the building blocks of the information system; structured analysis, object-oriented analysis, and agile methods
1	0	application development	process of constructing the programs and code modules that serve as building blocks of the information system	the process of using a programming language or programming environment to build an application made up of one or more programs
0	0	application development	process of constructing the programs and code modules that serve as building blocks of the information system	designing, writing, documenting, and unit testing required code to enact specific functionality in compliance with a design specifications
1	0	application development	designing, writing, documenting, and unit testing required code to enact specific functionality in compliance with a design specifications	the process of constructing the programs and code modules that will serve as the building blocks of the information system; structured analysis, object-oriented analysis, and agile methods
0	0	critical path	the sequence of scheduled activites that determines the duration of the project	used to determine the earliest data a project can be finished longest path through network of activities
1	0	critical path	the combination of activities that, if any are delayed, will delay the projects finish date.	the pert path requiring the greatest amount of time to complete a project; if a critical path activity is delayed, the whole project is delayed.
2	1	critical path	- longest contiguous path through network - least amount of slack or total float	the longest path through the network diagram with the shortest possible time in which we can finish the project.
3	1	critical path	a sequence of tasks that can't be delayed without causing the entire project to be delayed	activities are ones that will delay the entire project if they are late or delayed is called
2	1	critical path	the longest path; determines expected project duration	longest path through the network, describes the minimum duration of a project
3	1	critical path	the combination of activities that, if any are delayed, will delay the projects finish date.	activities are ones that will delay the entire project if they are late or delayed is called
1	0	critical path	a sequence of tasks that can't be delayed without causing the entire project to be delayed	the pert path requiring the greatest amount of time to complete a project; if a critical path activity is delayed, the whole project is delayed.
0	0	critical path	in a pert chart, the sequence of tasks that takes the shortest time to complete.	in a pert network, the sequence of tasks that takes the longest time to complete  the path requiring the greatest amount of time
3	1	critical path	used to determine the earliest data a project can be finished longest path through network of activities	longest path through a network diagram that determines the earliest completion of a project
0	0	critical path	activities that, if delayed, would delay the entire project.	the pert path requiring the greatest amount of time to complete a project; if a critical path activity is delayed, the whole project is delayed.
2	1	critical path	the total project time established by the path with the longest total required time.	in a pert chart, the path with the greatest total duration time that represents the longest amount of time required to complete the total project
2	1	critical path	the total project time established by the path with the longest total required time.	duration of each activity determined, and the path with the greatest total duration determines the total time for the project.
1	0	critical path	in a pert chart, the sequence of tasks that takes the shortest time to complete.	longest amount of time to complete the project
2	1	critical path	generally, but not always, the sequence of schedule activities that determines the duration of the project. it is the longest path through the project. see also critical path methodology.	the sequence of activities that represents the longest path through a project, which determines the shortest possible duration
3	1	critical path	the tasks which must be completed on time for a project to complete on time	a sequence of activities that must be completed on time for the whole project to be complete by the agreed time
3	1	critical path	the sequence of tasks that must be started and finished on time to meet the project's deadline.	the tasks which must be completed on time for a project to complete on time
2	1	critical path	longest path through a network minimum project completion time	longest sequential path of interrelated activities in the network and shows the minimum completion time for the project
3	1	critical path	a path from the start to the finish that passes through all the tasks that are crucial to completing the project in the shortest amount of time.	estimates shortest path through the project ensuring all critical tasks are completed from start to finish
3	1	critical path	the series of tasks whose scheduling directly affects the project's finish date	a series of tasks which, if delayed, would affect the completion date of the overall project
2	1	critical path	a sequence of tasks that can't be delayed without causing the entire project to be delayed	activities that, if delayed, would delay the entire project.
2	1	critical path	used to determine the earliest data a project can be finished longest path through network of activities	sequence of activities that determine the earliest date by which the project can be accomplished
3	1	critical path	the combination of activities that, if any are delayed, will delay the projects finish date.	activities that, if delayed, would delay the entire project.
1	0	critical path	describes the shortest amount of time required to complete a project, taking into account all project task relationships.	linked project tasks that determine how long the project takes to complete.
0	0	critical path	the sequence of scheduled activites that determines the duration of the project	longest path through a network diagram that determines the earliest completion of a project
2	1	critical path	the sequence of tasks that must be started and finished on time to meet the project's deadline.	a sequence of activities that must be completed on time for the whole project to be complete by the agreed time
1	0	critical path	estimates shortest path through the project ensuring all critical tasks are completed from start to finish	is the shortest time possible to complete all tasks required to finish the project. a delay of any task on the critical path will delay the project.
0	0	critical path	the sequence of activities that represents the longest path through a project, which determines the shortest possible duration	generally, but not always, the sequence of schedule activities that determines the duration of the project. it is the longest path through the project.
1	0	critical path	the pert path requiring the greatest amount of time to complete a project; if a critical path activity is delayed, the whole project is delayed.	activities are ones that will delay the entire project if they are late or delayed is called
3	1	critical path	activities that, if delayed, would delay the entire project.	activities are ones that will delay the entire project if they are late or delayed is called
3	1	critical path	a sequence of tasks that can't be delayed without causing the entire project to be delayed	the combination of activities that, if any are delayed, will delay the projects finish date.
3	1	hot spots	that provide wi-fi internet connections to users with mobile computers or devices	wireless network that provides wi-fi internet connections to mobile computers and devices.
2	1	hot spots	wireless network that provides wi-fi internet connections to mobile computers and devices.	a wireless network that provides internet connections to mobile computers and devices. three common technologies used are wi-fi, wimax, and bluetooth.
1	0	hot spots	identify about 100 volcanoes that exist as isolated points	not on the margin of plates, anywhere where magma can rise to the surface through the plates (hawaiian islands).
0	0	hot spots	locations where volcanoes can form, not associated with plate boundaries, forms volcanic island chains as plate moves over it	not on the margin of plates, anywhere where magma can rise to the surface through the plates (hawaiian islands).
1	0	data reduction	the simplification of large amounts of data obtained from qualitative interviews or other sources, also known as &"winnowing&" or &"focused coding&".	the various ways in which a researcher might attempt to reduce the amount of information before them to a more usable amount
1	0	data reduction	reduce dimension, reduce volume, and balance data	a mixed methods data analysis technique where the number of dimensions of data are decreased
1	0	data reduction	replace a large set of data -&gt; smaller set	organizing large amounts of data, usually in the forms of words, so that it is broken down and labeled to identify to which category of belongs
1	0	data reduction	distillation of complex/large data into simpler/smaller data reducing the number of variables/column (e.g. principal components) reducing the number of records/rows (e.g. clustering)	the systematic process undertaken to convert a set of raw data to a coded or summary form.
3	1	data reduction	obtains reduced representation in volume but produces the same or similar analytical results	obtains a reduced representation of the data set that is much smaller in volume, yet produces the same (or almost the same) analytical result
1	0	data reduction	distillation of complex/large data into simpler/smaller data reducing the number of variables/column (e.g. principal components) reducing the number of records/rows (e.g. clustering)	the process of reducing &"raw&" data to a simpler form by using (i.e.) summary statistics, tables or graphs
1	0	data reduction	is used to replace a large set of data with a smaller set of data that contains much of the important information in the larger set.	organizing large amounts of data, usually in the forms of words, so that it is broken down and labeled to identify to which category of belongs
3	1	data reduction	process of consolidating a large number of records into a smaller set	consolidating records into a smaller set (methods are clustering)
1	0	data reduction	organizing large amounts of data, usually in the forms of words, so that it is broken down and labeled to identify to which category of belongs	to replace a large set of data with a smaller set of data that contains much of the important information. usually involves loss of information
0	0	data reduction	combine variables to reduce data volume training data v. validation data	-reducing the volume of data to run in less time
0	0	data reduction	can reduce the size of the data by aggregating, eliminating redundant features, or clustering.	includes reducing the number of variables, reducing the number of cases, and balancing skewed data
2	1	data reduction	involves selecting, focusing, condensing and transforming data-which data best answers evaluation questions	this step involves selecting, focusing, condensing, and transforming data. the process should be guided by thinking about with data best answer the evaluation questions
0	0	data reduction	replace a large set of data -&gt; smaller set	to replace a large set of data with a smaller set of data that contains much of the important information. usually involves loss of information
2	1	data reduction	distillation of complex/large data into simpler/smaller data reducing the number of variables/column (e.g. principal components) reducing the number of records/rows (e.g. clustering)	the process of reducing raw data into a simpler form
2	1	data reduction	the systematic process undertaken to convert a set of raw data to a coded or summary form.	the process of reducing &"raw&" data to a simpler form by using (i.e.) summary statistics, tables or graphs
2	1	data reduction	the process of reducing raw data into a simpler form	the systematic process undertaken to convert a set of raw data to a coded or summary form.
2	1	open question	a question that cannot be answered &"yes&" or &"no&" but requires the participant to answer with a sentence or two.	questions where the person answering can give any response they like
2	1	open question	allows the respondent to provide an answer in their own words.	a question that allows an interviewee to answer in any number of ways, generates qualitative data
1	0	open question	allows the respondent to choose his or her response	one in which respondents are allowed to answer in their own words
2	1	statistical analysis	determines how likely any difference between experimental groups is due to chance	is conducted to find out if there are meaningful differences between the two groups. determine how likely any difference found is due to chance
2	1	statistical analysis	after coding is finished statistics may be applied to data found.	the use of statistics and number patterns to discover relationships in certain data, such as benford's law.
0	0	statistical analysis	provides an objective way of analyzing differences among groups of data	may be used primarily as a substitute to visual analysis.
0	0	statistical analysis	after coding is finished statistics may be applied to data found.	helps the researcher decide whether there really is a relationship between the independent and dependent variables
2	1	statistical analysis	the use of statistics and number patterns to discover relationships in certain data, such as benford's law.	a research method that entails analyzing data that have already been collected to determine the strength of the relationship that may exist between two or more variables
3	1	statistical analysis	performs such functions as information correlations, distributions, calculations, and variance analysis - forecast - time-series information	performs such functions as information correlations, distributions, calculations, and variance analysis ex: forecasting is a common form
0	0	statistical analysis	helps the researcher decide whether there really is a relationship between the independent and dependent variables	a research method that entails analyzing data that have already been collected to determine the strength of the relationship that may exist between two or more variables
0	0	statistical analysis	evaluate whether sets of numerical data are the &"same&" or different from each other  used to compare sets of data	quantitative techniques used to identify and measure adjustments to the sales prices of comparable properties; techniques include statistical interference and multiple regression analysis
0	0	statistical analysis	calculating correlations, %'s, &  statistical models.	the organization and analysis of quantitative data using statistical procedures, including both descriptive and inferential statistics
2	1	statistical analysis	-tests the null hypothesis  -determine the probability of a type 1 error	how to support internal validity  tests the null hypothesis
1	0	statistical analysis	provides an objective way of analyzing differences among groups of data	analysis of data generated from a survey of individuals
0	0	statistical analysis	to determine if there is a difference in the dv between groups and if that difference was because of the iv	what you would do with the numbers. examples: the central tendency and variation.
0	0	statistical analysis	may be used primarily as a substitute to visual analysis.	analysis of data generated from a survey of individuals
0	0	statistical analysis	may be used primarily as a substitute to visual analysis.	shows how the data is analyzed and the key findings, presented in a logical/sequential manner, describes but does not interpret trends or negative results.
0	0	statistical analysis	involves collecting and scrutinizing every data sample in a set of items from which samples can be drawn	the collection of methods used to process large amounts of data and report overall trends.
1	0	statistical analysis	after coding is finished statistics may be applied to data found.	a research method that entails analyzing data that have already been collected to determine the strength of the relationship that may exist between two or more variables
0	0	statistical analysis	the use of statistics and number patterns to discover relationships in certain data, such as benford's law.	helps the researcher decide whether there really is a relationship between the independent and dependent variables
2	1	statistical analysis	provides an objective way of analyzing differences among groups of data	shows how the data is analyzed and the key findings, presented in a logical/sequential manner, describes but does not interpret trends or negative results.
0	0	statistical analysis	evaluate whether sets of numerical data are the &"same&" or different from each other  used to compare sets of data	types of statistical tests appropriate for different types of data and research designs -analysis of variance -chi-square tests: test difference (relationship) nominal data -correlation coefficient (-1.00 to 1.00)
1	0	relevant information	reduces uncertainty, improves decision making, or confirms or corrects prior expectations	increases knowledge, reduces uncertainty and is usable for intended purpose
0	0	relevant information	information that is necessary for solving a problem	related to that for which you are looking; both useful and appropriate
0	0	relevant information	can influence a decision; it is timely and has predictive and/or feedback value.	- affects decisions of users
1	0	computer graphics	concerned with all aspects of producing pictures or images using a computer.	the field of computer science that examines the technical problems of displaying visual images on a computer screen.
0	0	computer graphics	all aspects of creation, manipulation, and display of images using a computer. broad classification: • modeling • animation • rendering • interaction	the branch of computer science concerned with methods of creation, modifying, or analyzing pictorial images.
1	0	computer graphics	concerned with all aspects of producing pictures or images using a computer.	images created electronically by a computer, often used for special effects or to manipulate photographic images.
0	0	computer graphics	all aspects of creation, manipulation, and display of images using a computer. broad classification: • modeling • animation • rendering • interaction	field of study of algorithms and methods for creating visual content
1	0	computer graphics	generates 2d images of a 3d world represented in a computer	provides methods to generate images using a computer
1	0	computer graphics	the branch of computer science concerned with methods of creation, modifying, or analyzing pictorial images.	use of computer algorithms to generate images from models (3d, texture, color, illumination, etc.)
2	1	computer graphics	field of study of algorithms and methods for creating visual content	use of computer algorithms to generate images from models (3d, texture, color, illumination, etc.)
0	0	computer graphics	is the general term that refers to the entire field of hardware and software that evolved in the 20th century, allowing the creation and modification of pictorial data.	concerned with technical issues involved in information display
1	0	computer graphics	images created electronically by a computer, often used for special effects or to manipulate photographic images.	the field of computer science that examines the technical problems of displaying visual images on a computer screen.
0	0	computer graphics	field of study of algorithms and methods for creating visual content	the branch of computer science concerned with methods of creation, modifying, or analyzing pictorial images.
0	0	spatial data	- geospatial data, geographic info  - identifies geographic location of features/boundaries on earth - natural or constructed	includes representation of: point objects (tree, well), line objects (highway, power line), area objects (city limits, watershed), surface objects (chemical spill, vegetation); attribute, location, geometry
1	0	spatial data	identifies the geographic location of features and boundaries of the earth such as natural or constructed features, oceans, lakes, etc	have attributes and location   together, they represent features on the earth that may be discrete or continuous
0	0	spatial data	indicates location and shape of geographic feature	data that has x,y,z coordinates and is concerned with location
1	0	spatial data	includes attributes and location	representation of geographic features associated with real-world locations  -stored in files &  managed by the gis  software
2	1	spatial data	data with a geographical component	describes the location of phenomena in space, the relationships between them, and their spatial geometry. location: geographical coordinates spatial geometry: shapes and outlines hidden from view in arcgis
1	0	spatial data	data that describe the geographic and spatial aspects of phenomena	- data that are mappable - identifies a geographic location - stored as coordinates
2	1	spatial data	- geospatial data, geographic info  - identifies geographic location of features/boundaries on earth - natural or constructed	have attributes and location   together, they represent features on the earth that may be discrete or continuous
3	1	spatial data	data that has x,y,z coordinates and is concerned with location	data that is linked to a specific location - the location and shapes of geographic features e.g.coordinates.
2	1	spatial data	have attributes and location   together, they represent features on the earth that may be discrete or continuous	includes representation of: point objects (tree, well), line objects (highway, power line), area objects (city limits, watershed), surface objects (chemical spill, vegetation); attribute, location, geometry
2	1	spatial data	identifies the geographic location of features and boundaries of the earth such as natural or constructed features, oceans, lakes, etc	includes representation of: point objects (tree, well), line objects (highway, power line), area objects (city limits, watershed), surface objects (chemical spill, vegetation); attribute, location, geometry
2	1	spatial data	geometrical data capturing location and form of a geographical feature	describes the location of phenomena in space, the relationships between them, and their spatial geometry. location: geographical coordinates spatial geometry: shapes and outlines hidden from view in arcgis
1	0	data dependencies	dependencies btwn registers eg. one instruction needs a register that is written by a previous instruction	a task needs the data produced by another task
0	0	data dependencies	a task needs the data produced by another task	allows to create xor gateways by creating choices that either excludes or includes activities depending on what is chosen.
0	0	data dependencies	dependencies btwn registers eg. one instruction needs a register that is written by a previous instruction	allows to create xor gateways by creating choices that either excludes or includes activities depending on what is chosen.
1	0	data elements	fields and records within a table.	applies to paper records as well as computer records
0	0	data elements	can be a single or individual fact that represents the smallest unique subset of a larger database sometimes referred to as the raw facts and figures.	the structure of the records of each file by specifying the different types (i.e. specific attributes of a particular data record).
0	0	data elements	an individual fact or measurement that is the smallest unique subset of a database	the structure of the records of each file by specifying the different types (i.e. specific attributes of a particular data record).
3	1	data elements	can be a single or individual fact that represents the smallest unique subset of a larger database sometimes referred to as the raw facts and figures.	an individual fact or measurement that is the smallest unique subset of a database
2	1	software applications	- programs that enable users to complete tasks such as creating docs, spreadsheets, databases &  pubs. - air force standard desktop configurations (sdc)includes microsoft office suite.	microsoft word microsoft publisher adobe indesign
1	0	software applications	performs a specific task for the user. ex:word processing, spreadsheets	support pharmacy practices and user desired tasks
1	0	facial expression	rely on facial expression to determine how a person feels about the group task/group members	convey meaning through face
1	0	facial expression	person maintains eye contact (unless a cultural taboo exists); expressions appropriate to situation	convey meaning through face
0	0	facial expression	person maintains eye contact, expressions appropriate to situation (note expressions while face is at rest and while person is talking)	convey meaning through face
0	0	data packets	data is broken up into equally sized small chunks before being sent onto the network. they are put back together when they reach their destination.	data transmitted over a network is broken down into small chunks, these are called...
2	1	data packets	data which is split into smaller chunks and sent across a network are known as	small chunks of information that have been carefully formed from larger chunks of information.
2	1	data packets	used to transport user data through the internetwork	an ipv4 or ipv6 packet routed by a routing protocol
1	0	data packets	small chunks of information that have been carefully formed from larger chunks of information.	chunks of data transmitted over a network, broken when transmitted and rebuilt at destination
0	0	data packets	used to transport user data through the internetwork	the communication process in a computer network is organized in layers, the osi stack, where packets are used to name data structures in the layers above frames.
1	0	data packets	an ipv4 or ipv6 packet routed by a routing protocol	the communication process in a computer network is organized in layers, the osi stack, where packets are used to name data structures in the layers above frames.
1	0	data packets	small chunks of information that have been carefully formed from larger chunks of information.	data is broken up into equally sized small chunks before being sent onto the network. they are put back together when they reach their destination.
0	0	data packets	carry data for use by clients or servers	sent between computers using protocols that manage how data is sent and received
3	1	data packets	data which is split into smaller chunks and sent across a network are known as	data transmitted over a network is broken down into small chunks, these are called...
0	0	data packets	formatted unit of data carried by a packet-switched network.	unit of data, contains control info and user data (payload)
1	0	data packets	small chunks of information that have been carefully formed from larger chunks of information.	data transmitted over a network is broken down into small chunks, these are called...
2	1	data packets	data which is split into smaller chunks and sent across a network are known as	chunks of data transmitted over a network, broken when transmitted and rebuilt at destination
2	1	data packets	data is broken up into equally sized small chunks before being sent onto the network. they are put back together when they reach their destination.	chunks of data transmitted over a network, broken when transmitted and rebuilt at destination
0	0	learning process	result of a thinking process and it helps to make better decision. learn new things and avoid mistakes.	changes resulting from the thinking process.
0	0	learning process	make better decisions; avoid mistakes; result of thinking process	we carry info forward in time in order to plan, adapt, make predictions and act on prior experience
0	0	learning process	changes resulting from the thinking process.	we carry info forward in time in order to plan, adapt, make predictions and act on prior experience
3	1	learning process	result of a thinking process and it helps to make better decision. learn new things and avoid mistakes.	make better decisions; avoid mistakes; result of thinking process
1	0	training data	the observations that we use to create our model that estimates the true relationship.	where algorithms find relationships, develop understanding, make decisions, and evaluate their confidence
1	0	training data	data that is presented to a neural network for training ai, in which the correct outputs are known	1. use a collection of actual measured data 2.calculate cc 3. pick cc threshold that separates events from non
2	1	training data	data used for fitting the parameters of the algorithm	data used to fit the model
1	0	training data	preliminary model fitting; develop rules to assign records to nodes, calculate posterior probabilities for each node, assigning each node a decision (target level)	data that is used to train a predictive model and that therefore must have known values for the target variable of the model
1	0	training data	to build the model	data instances used to create supervised learning models
3	1	training data	example data used in a pattern recognition system.	example data used in a recognition system. (helps the computer practice.)
0	0	active learning	gives teams or work groups an actual problem, has them work on solving it in committing to an action plan, and then holds them accountable for carrying out the plan.	learn more from surprising events -interact differently with the object based on how it acted -goldilocks effect
0	0	active learning	gives teams or work groups an actual problem, has them work on solving it in committing to an action plan, and then holds them accountable for carrying out the plan.	- achieves high accuracy using as few labeled instances as possible  - ask oracle for help labeling difficult examples
0	0	active learning	going above and beyond in class and what you are learning	field trips give students and opportunity to experience this
0	0	active learning	learn more from surprising events -interact differently with the object based on how it acted -goldilocks effect	- achieves high accuracy using as few labeled instances as possible  - ask oracle for help labeling difficult examples
0	0	active learning	participation in a meeting, educational session, staff training, or game.	going above and beyond in class and what you are learning
0	0	user interfaces	used to facilitate communication with various parties. (lots of interfaces)	are a mapping from the sensory, cognitive, and social human world to the collection of functions exposed by a computer program
0	0	user interfaces	used to facilitate communication with various parties. (lots of interfaces)	our interaction with computers has become dominated by a visual paradigm that includes windows, icons, menus, and a pointing device, such as a mouse
1	0	user interfaces	our interaction with computers has become dominated by a visual paradigm that includes windows, icons, menus, and a pointing device, such as a mouse	are a mapping from the sensory, cognitive, and social human world to the collection of functions exposed by a computer program
2	1	user interfaces	system interfaces that directly involve a system user	define how the system will interact with the users
0	0	decision problem	has a yes or no answer	1. the acts or options among which one must choose 2. the possible outcomes/consequences of those acts 3. the contingencies ('conditional probabilities') that relate the outcomes to the acts
0	0	decision problem	describe a generic instance and a yes-no question about each instance	1. the acts or options among which one must choose 2. the possible outcomes/consequences of those acts 3. the contingencies ('conditional probabilities') that relate the outcomes to the acts
0	0	decision problem	the problem of figuring out whether a problem is *decidable.	1. the acts or options among which one must choose 2. the possible outcomes/consequences of those acts 3. the contingencies ('conditional probabilities') that relate the outcomes to the acts
0	0	decision problem	has a yes or no answer	the problem of figuring out whether a problem is *decidable.
2	1	web server	a computer that stores and sends requested web pages and other files such as graphics and audio to a web server.	host. a computer that stores and sends(serves) requested web pages and other files.
1	0	web server	a computer that manages web site services, such as supplying a web page to multiple users on demand.	provides information and services to web surfers
0	0	web server	software that runs on one or more computers	is a computer that delivers requested webpages to your computer
1	0	web server	provides information and services to web surfers	stores a business's web pages, equipped with special software; often linked to a database server by lan
1	0	web server	a computer providing pages to web clients; a computer running a web browser.	a computer connected to the internet used to store web page documents.
1	0	web server	specialized server that is connected to the internet and holds web pages	a computer that provides web pages in response to internet requests
0	0	web server	a server hosting an application that can provide data and/or computing power across a network	a computer designed to host web pages &  provide access to clients.
3	1	web server	a computer that provides web pages in response to internet requests	a computer that runs special software to serve up web content by responding to requests
0	0	web server	information in a series of text files called pages. these text files or pages use a strutted language called html to store their information	a computer connected to the internet that runs server software. the software lets the computer use the hypertext transfer protocol (http) to serve html files to web browser clients
1	0	web server	stores public accessible content for display in web browsers (e.g. ualberta.ca homepage, beartracks)	a computer that recieves requests and makes web pages available to users
1	0	web server	a computer connected to the internet used to store web page objects -- implemented on server side of the internet	a computer that recieves requests and makes web pages available to users
1	0	web server	a computer that stores web pages and makes them available on a network	internet based computer that accepts requests from web browsers
0	0	web server	stores a business's web pages, equipped with special software; often linked to a database server by lan	a computer that runs special software to serve up web content by responding to requests
2	1	web server	specialized server that is connected to the internet and holds web pages	a computer dedicated to serving the online requests for information via the internet.
2	1	web server	a computer running a specialized operating system that enables it to host web pages (and other information) and provide requested web pages to clients.	provides information and services to web surfers
0	0	web server	a computer that stores and sends requested web pages and other files such as graphics and audio to a web server.	stores + serves web pages on request
2	1	web server	provides information and services to web surfers	is a computer that delivers requested web pages to your computer
3	1	web server	server whose main function is to provide web pages to clients.	computer installed with appropriate software to supply web pages to many different clients upon demand
2	1	web server	a computer w/ a special kind of connection to the internet  allows it to send files to clients that ask for them	stores a business's web pages, equipped with special software; often linked to a database server by lan
0	0	web server	computer on a network that stores web pages.	software, running on a computer, that stores web pages and sends those web pages to web clients (web browsers) that request the web pages.
1	0	web server	specialized server that is connected to the internet and holds web pages	computer installed with appropriate software to supply web pages to many different clients upon demand
1	0	web server	internet based computer that accepts requests from web browsers	the computer the web pages are stored on. the web server will transmit the web pages across the network/internet to the client computer which is running a web browser.
2	1	web server	a computer w/ a special kind of connection to the internet  allows it to send files to clients that ask for them	is a computer that delivers requested web pages to your computer
1	0	web server	a computer that listens for queries from web browsers and transmits html documents over the internet.	server stores documents and graphics that can be accessed from any web browser, such as internet explorer.
0	0	web server	a computer running a specialized operating system that enables it to host web pages (and other information) and provide requested web pages to clients.	is a computer that delivers requested web pages to your computer
3	1	web server	a computer that manages web site services, such as supplying a web page to multiple users on demand.	computer installed with appropriate software to supply web pages to many different clients upon demand
2	1	web server	a computer and hard drive space that stores web pages or data, and transmits the web pages or data over the network	software, running on a computer, that stores web pages and sends those web pages to web clients (web browsers) that request the web pages.
2	1	web server	host. a computer that stores and sends(serves) requested web pages and other files.	fetches pages by request and send them to the client't browser
1	0	web server	stores public accessible content for display in web browsers (e.g. ualberta.ca homepage, beartracks)	a computer connected to the internet used to store web page objects -- implemented on server side of the internet
2	1	web server	a computer that manages web site services, such as supplying a web page to multiple users on demand.	a computer that runs special software to serve up web content by responding to requests
1	0	web server	a computer connected to the internet used to store web page documents.	software, running on a computer, that stores web pages and sends those web pages to web clients (web browsers) that request the web pages.
1	0	web server	a server that provides web pages to clients using tcp port 80.	provides information and services to web surfers
2	1	web server	a computer dedicated to serving the online requests for information via the internet.	computer installed with appropriate software to supply web pages to many different clients upon demand
2	1	web server	internet based computer that accepts requests from web browsers	computer on a network that stores web pages.
3	1	web server	- both static and dynamic  - alert/rss push option  - low for static and high for dynamic skill level needed	-report type: static dynamic -push option: alert/rss -skill level: low for static, high for dynamic
1	0	web server	server whose main function is to provide web pages to clients.	provides information and services to web surfers
1	0	web server	a computer running a specialized operating system that enables it to host web pages (and other information) and provide requested web pages to clients.	a computer that manages web site services, such as supplying a web page to multiple users on demand.
3	1	web server	a special type of server that hosts websites and contains software that allows users from around the world access to their hosted sites.	-server -a computer that's connected to the world wide web and runs special software that enables it to provide information to web users
3	1	web server	a computer dedicated to serving the online requests for information via the internet.	a computer that runs special software to serve up web content by responding to requests
1	0	web server	is a computer that delivers requested web pages to your computer	stores a business's web pages, equipped with special software; often linked to a database server by lan
3	1	web server	server whose main function is to provide web pages to clients.	is a computer that delivers requested web pages to your computer
2	1	web server	internet based computer that accepts requests from web browsers	a computer connected to the internet used to store web page documents.
2	1	web server	fetches pages by request and send them to the client't browser	stores + serves web pages on request
1	0	web server	a computer w/ a special kind of connection to the internet  allows it to send files to clients that ask for them	server whose main function is to provide web pages to clients.
1	0	web server	a computer running a specialized operating system that enables it to host web pages (and other information) and provide requested web pages to clients.	stores a business's web pages, equipped with special software; often linked to a database server by lan
2	1	web server	a computer that provides web pages in response to internet requests	server whose main function is to provide web pages to clients.
2	1	web server	a server that holds and delivers web pages and other web content using http. see hypertext transfer protocol (http)	software that serves web pages to web browsers
2	1	web server	server whose main function is to provide web pages to clients.	a computer that runs special software to serve up web content by responding to requests
0	0	web server	a computer and hard drive space that stores web pages or data, and transmits the web pages or data over the network	internet based computer that accepts requests from web browsers
1	0	web server	specialized server that is connected to the internet and holds web pages	provides information and services to web surfers
2	1	web server	dedicated computer connected to the internet that accepts hypertext transfer protocol requests from internet users (clients) and fulfills the request by sending html docs or web pages via http	file server that responds to client requests from anywhere on the internet; requests are specifically http (hypertext transfer protocol) requests
2	1	web server	a computer that manages web site services, such as supplying a web page to multiple users on demand.	server whose main function is to provide web pages to clients.
1	0	web server	a computer providing pages to web clients; a computer running a web browser.	computer on a network that stores web pages.
2	1	web server	provides information and services to web surfers	a computer that runs special software to serve up web content by responding to requests
1	0	web server	a computer running a specialized operating system that enables it to host web pages (and other information) and provide requested web pages to clients.	a server that provides web pages to clients using tcp port 80.
1	0	web server	a computer running a specialized operating system that enables it to host web pages (and other information) and provide requested web pages to clients.	specialized server that is connected to the internet and holds web pages
0	0	web server	a computer that manages web site services, such as supplying a web page to multiple users on demand.	stores a business's web pages, equipped with special software; often linked to a database server by lan
1	0	web server	specialized server that is connected to the internet and holds web pages	a computer that manages web site services, such as supplying a web page to multiple users on demand.
2	1	web server	a computer that stores and distributes html documents that can be retrieved via a web client	a server that holds and delivers web pages and other web content using http. see hypertext transfer protocol (http)
0	0	web server	a computer w/ a special kind of connection to the internet  allows it to send files to clients that ask for them	specialized server that is connected to the internet and holds web pages
3	1	web server	a computer that stores web pages and makes them available on a network	a computer providing pages to web clients; a computer running a web browser.
2	1	web server	a computer that stores web pages and makes them available on a network	computer on a network that stores web pages.
0	0	web server	a computer that stores and sends requested web pages and other files such as graphics and audio to a web server.	fetches pages by request and send them to the client't browser
2	1	web server	a computer dedicated to serving the online requests for information via the internet.	provides information and services to web surfers
1	0	web server	a computer that stores and distributes html documents that can be retrieved via a web client	software that serves web pages to web browsers
2	1	web server	a computer and hard drive space that stores web pages or data, and transmits the web pages or data over the network	a computer providing pages to web clients; a computer running a web browser.
1	0	web server	a server that provides web pages to clients using tcp port 80.	specialized server that is connected to the internet and holds web pages
2	1	web server	a computer that manages web site services, such as supplying a web page to multiple users on demand.	a computer dedicated to serving the online requests for information via the internet.
2	1	web server	a server that provides web pages to clients using tcp port 80.	a computer that runs special software to serve up web content by responding to requests
3	1	web server	is a computer that delivers requested web pages to your computer	a computer that runs special software to serve up web content by responding to requests
0	0	web server	information in a series of text files called pages. these text files or pages use a strutted language called html to store their information	a server that holds and delivers web pages and other web content using http. see hypertext transfer protocol (http)
2	1	web server	a computer running a specialized operating system that enables it to host web pages (and other information) and provide requested web pages to clients.	computer installed with appropriate software to supply web pages to many different clients upon demand
0	0	web server	specialized server that is connected to the internet and holds web pages	stores a business's web pages, equipped with special software; often linked to a database server by lan
1	0	web server	a computer and hard drive space that stores web pages or data, and transmits the web pages or data over the network	computer on a network that stores web pages.
2	1	web server	a server that provides web pages to clients using tcp port 80.	stores a business's web pages, equipped with special software; often linked to a database server by lan
3	1	web server	a computer and hard drive space that stores web pages or data, and transmits the web pages or data over the network	the computer the web pages are stored on. the web server will transmit the web pages across the network/internet to the client computer which is running a web browser.
3	1	web server	a computer running a specialized operating system that enables it to host web pages (and other information) and provide requested web pages to clients.	a computer w/ a special kind of connection to the internet  allows it to send files to clients that ask for them
2	1	web server	server whose main function is to provide web pages to clients.	stores a business's web pages, equipped with special software; often linked to a database server by lan
0	0	web server	computer installed with appropriate software to supply web pages to many different clients upon demand	is a computer that delivers requested web pages to your computer
0	0	web server	information in a series of text files called pages. these text files or pages use a strutted language called html to store their information	software that serves web pages to web browsers
0	0	web server	computer installed with appropriate software to supply web pages to many different clients upon demand	stores a business's web pages, equipped with special software; often linked to a database server by lan
2	1	web server	a computer that provides web pages in response to internet requests	provides information and services to web surfers
0	0	web server	a computer dedicated to serving the online requests for information via the internet.	stores a business's web pages, equipped with special software; often linked to a database server by lan
1	0	web server	a server that provides web pages to clients using tcp port 80.	a computer dedicated to serving the online requests for information via the internet.
2	1	web server	a computer connected to the internet that runs server software. the software lets the computer use the hypertext transfer protocol (http) to serve html files to web browser clients	a server that holds and delivers web pages and other web content using http. see hypertext transfer protocol (http)
1	0	web server	internet based computer that accepts requests from web browsers	a computer providing pages to web clients; a computer running a web browser.
2	1	web server	computer installed with appropriate software to supply web pages to many different clients upon demand	a computer that runs special software to serve up web content by responding to requests
0	0	web server	a computer that stores web pages and makes them available on a network	the computer the web pages are stored on. the web server will transmit the web pages across the network/internet to the client computer which is running a web browser.
2	1	web server	provides information and services to web surfers	computer installed with appropriate software to supply web pages to many different clients upon demand
3	1	web server	a computer that stores web pages and makes them available on a network	a computer connected to the internet used to store web page documents.
3	1	web server	a computer that manages web site services, such as supplying a web page to multiple users on demand.	a computer that provides web pages in response to internet requests
1	0	web server	a computer running a specialized operating system that enables it to host web pages (and other information) and provide requested web pages to clients.	a computer dedicated to serving the online requests for information via the internet.
3	1	web server	a computer that provides web pages in response to internet requests	computer installed with appropriate software to supply web pages to many different clients upon demand
0	0	web server	a computer w/ a special kind of connection to the internet  allows it to send files to clients that ask for them	a server that provides web pages to clients using tcp port 80.
2	1	web server	a server that provides web pages to clients using tcp port 80.	computer installed with appropriate software to supply web pages to many different clients upon demand
1	0	web server	a computer w/ a special kind of connection to the internet  allows it to send files to clients that ask for them	a computer that runs special software to serve up web content by responding to requests
3	1	web server	a computer dedicated to serving the online requests for information via the internet.	is a computer that delivers requested web pages to your computer
3	1	web server	server stores documents and graphics that can be accessed from any web browser, such as internet explorer.	the server storing documents and graphics that can be accessed from any web browser.
1	0	web server	an internet computer that stores webpages.	a computer that is programmed to send files to browsers on other computers connected to the internet
2	1	web server	a computer w/ a special kind of connection to the internet  allows it to send files to clients that ask for them	a computer that provides web pages in response to internet requests
1	0	web server	a computer w/ a special kind of connection to the internet  allows it to send files to clients that ask for them	computer installed with appropriate software to supply web pages to many different clients upon demand
1	0	web server	a computer connected to the internet used to store web page objects -- implemented on server side of the internet	host websites and generally handle requests for static information such as html pages or images.
3	1	web server	computer on a network that stores web pages.	a computer connected to the internet used to store web page documents.
3	1	web server	a computer that is programmed to send files to browsers on other computers connected to the internet	internet computers that store webpages and deliver them to your computer or device.
1	0	web server	a server that provides web pages to clients using tcp port 80.	is a computer that delivers requested web pages to your computer
3	1	web server	a computer that provides web pages in response to internet requests	is a computer that delivers requested web pages to your computer
3	1	web server	a computer that provides web pages in response to internet requests	a computer dedicated to serving the online requests for information via the internet.
1	0	web server	a computer providing pages to web clients; a computer running a web browser.	the computer the web pages are stored on. the web server will transmit the web pages across the network/internet to the client computer which is running a web browser.
1	0	web server	specialized server that is connected to the internet and holds web pages	a computer that runs special software to serve up web content by responding to requests
3	1	web server	specialized server that is connected to the internet and holds web pages	is a computer that delivers requested web pages to your computer
3	1	web server	a computer w/ a special kind of connection to the internet  allows it to send files to clients that ask for them	a computer dedicated to serving the online requests for information via the internet.
0	0	web server	a computer that stores and distributes html documents that can be retrieved via a web client	information in a series of text files called pages. these text files or pages use a strutted language called html to store their information
3	1	web server	a computer and hard drive space that stores web pages or data, and transmits the web pages or data over the network	a computer that stores web pages and makes them available on a network
0	0	spatial joins	joins using shape (not attribute field) enables data aggregation (counting or summing points by polygon)	changes the geometry and the attributes of a map. the location of the spatial feature is used.
1	0	spatial locality	if a process accesses an item in memory, it will tend to reference an adjacent item soon	accesses to nearby addresses within a short interval -&gt; fetch accessed data/code into fast memory in multi-word blocks; low stride
3	1	spatial locality	is the principle stating that if a data location is referenced, then subsequent references will be to data with addresses in the same physical neighborhood	the locality principle stating that if a data location is referenced then data locations with nearby addresses will tend to be referenced soon
3	1	spatial locality	if data location is referenced, nearby addresses will be referenced again soon	the locality principle stating that if a data location is referenced then data locations with nearby addresses will tend to be referenced soon
3	1	spatial locality	items  near those accessed  recently are likely to be accessed  soon  ex: sequential instruction access, array data	memory locations close to a recently accessed location are likely to be accessed in the near future
2	1	spatial locality	items near those accessed recently are likely to be accessed soon, i.e. items near one another tend to be referenced close together in time	items with nearby addresses tend to be referenced close together in time
3	1	spatial locality	items  near those accessed  recently are likely to be accessed  soon  ex: sequential instruction access, array data	-locality in space -means that items in close proximity to a recently accessed item are likely to be access soon
1	0	spatial locality	if a process accesses an item in memory, it will tend to reference an adjacent item soon	refers to the tendency of execution to involve a number of memory locations that are clustered and is generally exploited by using larger cache blocks
1	0	spatial locality	if a memory location is referenced, the locations with nearby addresses will tend to be referenced soon therefore move blocks consisting of contiguous words closer to the processor	refers to the tendency of execution to involve a number of memory locations that are clustered and is generally exploited by using larger cache blocks
1	0	spatial locality	repeated access to nearby memory locations  array elements are being accessed over and over  remember to cache previous translation results	if a process accesses an item in memory, it will tend to reference an adjacent item soon
3	1	spatial locality	memory locations close to a recently accessed location are likely to be accessed in the near future	-locality in space -means that items in close proximity to a recently accessed item are likely to be access soon
1	0	spatial locality	repeated access to nearby memory locations  array elements are being accessed over and over  remember to cache previous translation results	refers to the tendency of execution to involve a number of memory locations that are clustered and is generally exploited by using larger cache blocks
2	1	spatial locality	repeated access to nearby memory locations  array elements are being accessed over and over  remember to cache previous translation results	if a memory location is referenced, the locations with nearby addresses will tend to be referenced soon therefore move blocks consisting of contiguous words closer to the processor
2	1	spatial locality	repeated access to nearby memory locations  array elements are being accessed over and over  remember to cache previous translation results	accesses to nearby addresses within a short interval -&gt; fetch accessed data/code into fast memory in multi-word blocks; low stride
3	1	spatial locality	-items near those accessed recently are likely to be accessed soon	-locality in space -means that items in close proximity to a recently accessed item are likely to be access soon
2	1	spatial locality	if data location is referenced, nearby addresses will be referenced again soon	is the principle stating that if a data location is referenced, then subsequent references will be to data with addresses in the same physical neighborhood
0	0	mathematical model	one or more equations that represent the way a system or process works.   these types of models are used to help predict weather.	models that show data using graphs ; also use equations
3	1	mathematical model	one or more equations that represent the way a system or process works.   these types of models are used to help predict weather.	made up of mathematical equations and data. can only be compared to actual events. used to predict the weather.
0	0	mathematical model	uses data and numbers to show patterns and make predictions. made up of numbers and equations.	models that show data using graphs ; also use equations
2	1	mathematical model	mathematical models are usually composed of relationships and variables.	composed of relationships (operators) and variables.
2	1	mathematical model	uses different forms of data to represent the way a system or process works	one or more equations that represents the way a system or process works.
1	0	mathematical model	sets of equations that consider many factors to represent a phenomenon usually done on computers.	uses different forms of data and equations to represent the way a system or process works.
3	1	mathematical model	mathematical models are usually composed of relationships and variables. relationships can be described by operators, such as algebraic operators.	usually composed of relationships and variables. relationships can be described by operators, such as algebraic operators, functions, differential operators, etc.
1	0	mathematical model	uses different forms of data and equations to represent the way a system or process works.	one or more equations that represent the way a system or process works, usually composed of relationships and variables.
1	0	mathematical model	a set of equations that take into account many factors to represent a phenomenon.  example: newton's equation for gravitation. f=g(m*m)/r^2	a representation of a system with a set of equations that correspond to hypothesized relationships among the system's components.
0	0	mathematical model	a method of representing a real-world situation using mathematical concepts in order to understand and predict future behavior.	can be used to describe the relationship between variables in numerical form and therefore predict outcomes of a scenario
0	0	mathematical model	made up of mathematical equations and data. can only be compared to actual events. used to predict the weather.	models that show data using graphs ; also use equations
0	0	mathematical model	uses data and numbers to show patterns and make predictions. made up of numbers and equations.	made up of mathematical equations and data. can only be compared to actual events. used to predict the weather.
0	0	mathematical model	a mathematical description of a dynamic system's behavior, which usually a set of linear or non linear ordinary differential equations (odes).	a representation of a system with a set of equations that correspond to hypothesized relationships among the system's components.
1	0	mathematical model	uses different forms of data to represent the way a system or process works examples: chemical reaction, population growth, sunspot activity	a mathematical description of a system, theory, or phenomenon representation of the essential aspects mathematical solution leads to real world solutions
2	1	mathematical model	one or more equations that represent the way a system or process works.   these types of models are used to help predict weather.	uses data and numbers to show patterns and make predictions. made up of numbers and equations.
0	0	comprehensive evaluation	case history, otoscopy, speech reception threshold, air conduction pure tone threshold, word recognition testing, and bone conduction pure tone threshold	encompass everything.   ex(s) = fim, used on spinal cord patients
0	0	comprehensive evaluation	should include: standardized assessment non-standardized assessment  self report  caregiver report	encompass everything.   ex(s) = fim, used on spinal cord patients
0	0	comprehensive evaluation	case history, otoscopy, speech reception threshold, air conduction pure tone threshold, word recognition testing, and bone conduction pure tone threshold	should include: standardized assessment non-standardized assessment  self report  caregiver report
2	1	non-functional requirements	practical constraints or limitations within which the system must operate	define sys properties and constraints like reliability, response time, and store requirements. constraints are i/o device capability, system representations
2	1	non-functional requirements	quality characteristics the system should process	constraints on a system being developed. such as the system having a short response time
0	0	non-functional requirements	constraints on the services of the system (timing, dev processs, imposed by standards) applies to whole system rather than the services	metrics on system services and functions; focus on system as a whole; can use verifiable objective benchmarks
0	0	non-functional requirements	constraints on the services or functions offered by the system such as timing constraints, constraints on the development process, standards, etc.	outlines the constraints and properties of a system, not concerned with functionality
3	1	non-functional requirements	practical constraints or limitations within which the system must operate	not specific about what the system should do, but relate to constraints on how it must be done
1	0	non-functional requirements	aspects of the system that are not directly related to the functional behavior of the system	not specific about what the system should do, but relate to constraints on how it must be done
1	0	non-functional requirements	constraints on the services or functions offered by the system such as timing constraints, constraints on the development process, standards, etc.	place constraints on how the system will perform some function
2	1	non-functional requirements	the quality attributes, design and implementation constraints, and external interfaces that the product must have.	the quality attributes and external interfaces that the product must have.
2	1	non-functional requirements	attributes of the system not needed to make the system functional but to enhance its service. example: performance, security, quality, maintainability, extensibility	describes a restriction/ constraint on the system that limits our choices for constructing a solution to the problem  includes: safety, security, reliability, portability, usability
0	0	non-functional requirements	practical constraints or limitations within which the system must operate	requirements related to the quality characteristics of expected system often formally expressed as constraint related to a measurable metric
0	0	non-functional requirements	constraints of the services of functions offered by the system, such as timing constraints or standards	broad capabilities of the system, constraints on system, ui constraints, hardware constraints, operational constraints  ex: maintainability, usability, response time
2	1	non-functional requirements	these define system properties and constraints: reliability, response time, and storage requirements process requirements may also be specified mandating a particular ide	not specific about what the system should do, but relate to constraints on how it must be done
1	0	non-functional requirements	define sys properties and constraints like reliability, response time, and store requirements. constraints are i/o device capability, system representations	not specific about what the system should do, but relate to constraints on how it must be done
0	0	non-functional requirements	- define system properties and constraints e.g. reliability, usability, response time etc. - can be product (e.g. performance), organisational (e.g. authentication) or external (e.g. legal)	describes a restriction/ constraint on the system that limits our choices for constructing a solution to the problem  includes: safety, security, reliability, portability, usability
1	0	non-functional requirements	constraints on services/functions offered by the system	constraints on a system being developed. such as the system having a short response time
2	1	non-functional requirements	required system characteristics other than the activities it must perform or support	the requirements that judges the operation of the system than the specific tasks the system engages in it is said that is what the system shall be
1	0	non-functional requirements	practical constraints or limitations within which the system must operate	define the constraints and thresholds of the behavior of system. how the system performs this function example: system will take in data and update within 2 secs
1	0	non-functional requirements	define sys properties and constraints like reliability, response time, and store requirements. constraints are i/o device capability, system representations	requirements related to the quality characteristics of expected system often formally expressed as constraint related to a measurable metric
0	0	non-functional requirements	these define system properties and constraints: reliability, response time, and storage requirements process requirements may also be specified mandating a particular ide	define the constraints and thresholds of the behavior of system. how the system performs this function example: system will take in data and update within 2 secs
2	1	non-functional requirements	specify attributes rather than what the system will do, also called quality requirements. • reliability • usability • response time	these are the different constraints on the actual functionality: like speed, efficiency, accuracy, reliability, etc there must be specific. give quantivitive constraints
1	0	non-functional requirements	broad capabilities of the system, constraints on system, ui constraints, hardware constraints, operational constraints  ex: maintainability, usability, response time	place constraints on how the system will perform some function
2	1	non-functional requirements	requirements related to the quality characteristics of expected system often formally expressed as constraint related to a measurable metric	define the constraints and thresholds of the behavior of system. how the system performs this function example: system will take in data and update within 2 secs
0	0	non-functional requirements	practical constraints or limitations within which the system must operate	aspects of the system that are not directly related to the functional behavior of the system
0	0	non-functional requirements	extra activities that the system could perform, but are not required.	the requirements that judges the operation of the system than the specific tasks the system engages in it is said that is what the system shall be
2	1	non-functional requirements	define the constraints and thresholds of the behavior of system. how the system performs this function example: system will take in data and update within 2 secs	not specific about what the system should do, but relate to constraints on how it must be done
3	1	non-functional requirements	constraints of the services of functions offered by the system, such as timing constraints or standards	constraints on the services or functions offered by the system such as timing constraints, constraints on the development process, standards, etc.
1	0	non-functional requirements	these define system properties and constraints: reliability, response time, and storage requirements process requirements may also be specified mandating a particular ide	practical constraints or limitations within which the system must operate
1	0	non-functional requirements	is a requirement that specifies criteria that can be used to judge the operation of a system, rather than specific behaviors.	a requirement that describes how the component or system will do what it is intended to do
1	0	non-functional requirements	outlines the constraints and properties of a system, not concerned with functionality	place constraints on how the system will perform some function
0	0	non-functional requirements	these define system properties and constraints: reliability, response time, and storage requirements process requirements may also be specified mandating a particular ide	aspects of the system that are not directly related to the functional behavior of the system
3	1	non-functional requirements	constraints on the services or functions offered by the system. often apply to the system as a whole	constraints on the services of the system (timing, dev processs, imposed by standards) applies to whole system rather than the services
3	1	non-functional requirements	these define system properties and constraints: reliability, response time, and storage requirements process requirements may also be specified mandating a particular ide	define sys properties and constraints like reliability, response time, and store requirements. constraints are i/o device capability, system representations
0	0	non-functional requirements	aspects of the system that are not directly related to the functional behavior of the system	define the constraints and thresholds of the behavior of system. how the system performs this function example: system will take in data and update within 2 secs
2	1	non-functional requirements	are requirements that are not directly concerned with the specific services delivered by the system to its users.	what services needs to be implemented to the system as a whole not clarified by the customer. ie. secuirty
1	0	non-functional requirements	define sys properties and constraints like reliability, response time, and store requirements. constraints are i/o device capability, system representations	aspects of the system that are not directly related to the functional behavior of the system
2	1	non-functional requirements	a set of requirements that specifies criteria that can be used to judge the operation of the system	a requirement that describes how the component or system will do what it is intended to do
2	1	non-functional requirements	constraints of the services of functions offered by the system, such as timing constraints or standards	place constraints on how the system will perform some function
1	0	non-functional requirements	constraints of the services of functions offered by the system, such as timing constraints or standards	outlines the constraints and properties of a system, not concerned with functionality
1	0	non-functional requirements	constraints on the services or functions offered by the system such as timing constraints, constraints on the development process, standards, etc.	broad capabilities of the system, constraints on system, ui constraints, hardware constraints, operational constraints  ex: maintainability, usability, response time
0	0	non-functional requirements	these define system properties and constraints. properties: reliability, response time, storage requirements. constraints: security, legal impacts, domain expert workflow. process requirements: (e.g.,) a particular programming language.	aspects of the system that are not directly related to the functional behavior of the system
0	0	non-functional requirements	these define system properties and constraints. properties: reliability, response time, storage requirements. constraints: security, legal impacts, domain expert workflow. process requirements: (e.g.,) a particular programming language.	define the constraints and thresholds of the behavior of system. how the system performs this function example: system will take in data and update within 2 secs
0	0	non-functional requirements	- define system properties and constraints e.g. reliability, usability, response time etc. - can be product (e.g. performance), organisational (e.g. authentication) or external (e.g. legal)	attributes of the system not needed to make the system functional but to enhance its service. example: performance, security, quality, maintainability, extensibility
1	0	non-functional requirements	requirements related to the quality characteristics of expected system often formally expressed as constraint related to a measurable metric	aspects of the system that are not directly related to the functional behavior of the system
1	0	non-functional requirements	outlines the constraints and properties of a system, not concerned with functionality	broad capabilities of the system, constraints on system, ui constraints, hardware constraints, operational constraints  ex: maintainability, usability, response time
2	1	non-functional requirements	practical constraints or limitations within which the system must operate	these define system properties and constraints. properties: reliability, response time, storage requirements. constraints: security, legal impacts, domain expert workflow. process requirements: (e.g.,) a particular programming language.
3	1	non-functional requirements	is a requirement that specifies criteria that can be used to judge the operation of a system, rather than specific behaviors.	a set of requirements that specifies criteria that can be used to judge the operation of the system
1	0	non-functional requirements	requirements related to the quality characteristics of expected system often formally expressed as constraint related to a measurable metric	not specific about what the system should do, but relate to constraints on how it must be done
1	0	non-functional requirements	quality characteristics the system should process	constraints on services/functions offered by the system
0	0	non-functional requirements	these define system properties and constraints: reliability, response time, and storage requirements process requirements may also be specified mandating a particular ide	requirements related to the quality characteristics of expected system often formally expressed as constraint related to a measurable metric
0	0	statistical tests	determine if the results of a study are due to chance. which test to run depends on the type of data that we are using.	these tests are used when researchers want to compare means or percentages of two different groups or samples
2	1	statistical tests	used in psychology to determine whether a significant difference or correlation exists (and consequently, whether the null hypothesis should be rejected or retained).	mathematical formulas that evaluate how the results differ or similar to the population
1	0	statistical tests	use data obtained from a sample to make decisions about whether a null hypothesis should, or should not, be rejected	used in hopes of rejecting the null hypothesis
0	0	statistical tests	use data obtained from a sample to make decisions about whether a null hypothesis should, or should not, be rejected	mathematical formulas that evaluate how the results differ or similar to the population
2	1	statistical tests	use data obtained from a sample to make decisions about whether a null hypothesis should, or should not, be rejected	used in psychology to determine whether a significant difference or correlation exists (and consequently, whether the null hypothesis should be rejected or retained).
0	0	statistical tests	used in psychology to determine whether a significant difference or correlation exists (and consequently, whether the null hypothesis should be rejected or retained).	performed to sharpen scientific judgements concerning the quality of experimental data
0	0	statistical tests	used in hopes of rejecting the null hypothesis	performed to sharpen scientific judgements concerning the quality of experimental data
0	0	statistical tests	use data obtained from a sample to make decisions about whether a null hypothesis should, or should not, be rejected	performed to sharpen scientific judgements concerning the quality of experimental data
0	0	statistical tests	used in hopes of rejecting the null hypothesis	mathematical formulas that evaluate how the results differ or similar to the population
0	0	statistical tests	these tests are used when researchers want to compare means or percentages of two different groups or samples	allow us to figure out if phenomena/relationships are likely to be real/true or only happened by chance
3	1	statistical tests	determine if the results of a study are due to chance. which test to run depends on the type of data that we are using.	allow us to figure out if phenomena/relationships are likely to be real/true or only happened by chance
2	1	application software	consists of instructions that direct a computer system to perform specific information-processing activities and also to provide functionality for users	-a set of computer instructions that provides a specific functionality to a user - functionality can be: broad=general word processing or narrow=org's payroll program
2	1	application software	software used to directly complete a specific task or to create something electronically. example: microsoft word	it is a sub class of computer software that employs the capabilities of a computer directly and thoroughly to a task that the user wishes to perform.
3	1	application software	(also called end-user programs) inclydes such thing as database programs, word processors, web browsers and spreadsheet	applications software (also called end-user programs) include such things as database programs, word processors, web browsers and spreadsheets.
3	1	application software	designed for end users, includes database programs, word processors, web processors, and spreadsheet.	(also called end-user programs) inclydes such thing as database programs, word processors, web browsers and spreadsheet
0	0	application software	computer software created to allow the user to perform a specific job or task - software such as word processing, spreadsheets, payroll and inventory, even games	any program that processes data for the user (inventory, payroll, spreadsheet, word processor, etc.) and is typically used to increase productivity.
2	1	application software	software programs, such as email, word processors, spreadsheets, and graphics packages, used by employees in typical office scenarios	software that enables performance of specific computer tasks, such as document production, spreadsheet calculations, database management, and presentation preparation
1	0	application software	its a group of programs designed for end users	a category of software programs that enable users to perform activities, functions, or tasks.
2	1	application software	software that enables performance of specific computer tasks, such as document production, spreadsheet calculations, database management, and presentation preparation	software classified as individualized applications and enterprise applications, allows the user to create something like a document or spreadsheet.
2	1	application software	performs particular tasks users need like creating a budget for accounting or supply chain, creating a resume, or making a professional presentation for a business proposal	enables you to perform specific tasks such as writing letters, creating presentations, analyzing statistics, creating graphics, and enhancing photos
2	1	application software	any software which allows a user to carry out a task or aids them in producing something on a computer.	software program that helps you use the computer to do particular tasks
1	0	application software	type of software that makes a computer useful for everyday tasks	programs that perform tasks specifically for the user such as word, excel, powerpoint, and photoshop.
3	1	application software	includes programs that perform a single task such as word processing, spreadsheet analysis, or database management	computer programs that help users perform a specific task such as word processing. also called application programs, applications or programs
3	1	application software	also referred to as apps. software that can perform useful work, such as word processing, cost estimating, or accounting tasks. the user primarily interacts with application software	software that enables performance of specific computer tasks, such as document production, spreadsheet calculations, database management, and presentation preparation
3	1	application software	aka end-user software, includes database programs, word processors, web browsers, and spreadsheets.	applications software (also called end-user programs) include such things as database programs, word processors, web browsers and spreadsheets.
1	0	application software	programs that perform user or business specific tasks	is computer software designed to support specific organizational functions and processes (inventory management, payroll, market analysis)  an important result of systems analysis and design
2	1	application software	its software that is designed to perform a group of functions, activities, and tasks for the benefits of the user.	a category of software programs that enable users to perform activities, functions, or tasks.
3	1	application software	applications software (also called end-user programs) include such things as database programs, word processors, web browsers and spreadsheets.	this contains things like database programs, word processors, web browsers, and spreadsheets
1	0	application software	software used to directly complete a specific task or to create something electronically. example: microsoft word	the software you use to do everyday tasks at home and at work
2	1	application software	software that has been developed to solve a particular problem, perform useful work on general tasks or provide information. they are not included/necessary for a device.	is a software that has been developed to solve a particular problem for users—to perform useful work on specific tasks or to provide entertainment.
2	1	application software	aka end-user software, includes database programs, word processors, web browsers, and spreadsheets.	this contains things like database programs, word processors, web browsers, and spreadsheets
3	1	application software	software used to solve specific problems or perform specific tasks	is a software that has been developed to solve a particular problem for users—to perform useful work on specific tasks or to provide entertainment.
2	1	application software	a software which is developed to help the user to perform specific tasks.	the everyday programs that create documents and perform tasks
2	1	application software	everyday programs that you use to produce something useful.	programs that enable the computer to carry out one or more specific task. programs that relates to the things you want to do.
2	1	application software	also referred to as apps. software that can perform useful work, such as word processing, cost estimating, or accounting tasks. the user primarily interacts with application software	designed to serve the user and carry out whatever task he or she can imagine, like creating a document or spreadsheet.
2	1	application software	the software you use to do everyday tasks at home and at work	it is a sub class of computer software that employs the capabilities of a computer directly and thoroughly to a task that the user wishes to perform.
2	1	application software	software that allows you to complete tasks eg powerpoint	the software you use to do everyday tasks at home and at work
2	1	application software	designed to serve the user and carry out whatever task he or she can imagine, like creating a document or spreadsheet.	software that enables performance of specific computer tasks, such as document production, spreadsheet calculations, database management, and presentation preparation
3	1	application software	software used to perform a specific task that the user needs to accomplish.	a software which is developed to help the user to perform specific tasks.
3	1	application software	(also called end-user programs) inclydes such thing as database programs, word processors, web browsers and spreadsheet	this contains things like database programs, word processors, web browsers, and spreadsheets
3	1	application software	computer software created to allow the user to perform a specific job or task - software such as word processing, spreadsheets, payroll and inventory, even games	computer software created to allow the user to perform a specific job or task  ex. word processing, spreadsheet's, database, and graphics software
2	1	application software	this type of software is used to carry out specific tasks for a business. examples: microsoft office and quickbooks.	software tools that are used to complete the work required to operate
3	1	application software	programs that help the user perform specific tasks, e.g. word processors, web browsers, email clients, and games.	a piece of software written to help users do various tasks (e.g: word processors, web browsers, games)
1	0	application software	programs that perform specific tasks that would need doing even if computers did not exist.	intended to perform certain tasks, and is either a single program or a collection of smaller programs.
1	0	application software	a family of programs that perform a specific task beyond the basic operation of the computer itself.	software written to address specific needs e.g. word processing programs, games, inventory control systems, automobile diagnostic programs, and missile guidance programs.
2	1	application software	the everyday programs that we use to create documents and perform tasks e.g. internet explorer and paint	programs that make computers useful for everyday tasks are known as:
0	0	application software	software that preforms personal or business tasks	performs a business task. closer to the user
3	1	application software	aka end-user software, includes database programs, word processors, web browsers, and spreadsheets.	designed for end users, includes database programs, word processors, web processors, and spreadsheet.
2	1	application software	programs designed for specific purposes; helps people use a computer to carry out tasks.	intended to perform certain tasks, and is either a single program or a collection of smaller programs.
3	1	application software	programs that specify the information processing activities required for the completion of specific tasks of computer users	programs that direct computers to perform information processing for end users
1	0	application software	a computer program or a collection of programs designed for end users.  (e.g. word processing, spreadsheet, database, presentation, email applications, adobe creative cloud, internet explorer.)	everyday programs.  ex. database, presentation software
3	1	application software	software designed to perform a group of coordinated functions, tasks, or activities for the benefit of the user	a computer program designed to perform a group of coordinated functions to benefit the user.
2	1	application software	software used to directly complete a specific task or to create something electronically. example: microsoft word	software that allows you to complete tasks eg powerpoint
3	1	application software	its software that is designed to perform a group of functions, activities, and tasks for the benefits of the user.	an application program is a computer program designed to perform a group of coordinated functions, tasks, or activities for the benefit of the user
1	0	application software	also referred to as apps. software that can perform useful work, such as word processing, cost estimating, or accounting tasks. the user primarily interacts with application software	software programs, such as email, word processors, spreadsheets, and graphics packages, used by employees in typical office scenarios
2	1	application software	helps you perform a specific task such as word processing, spreadsheets, etc.	set of programs to help the user perform functions/tasks/activities.  classified as either: -individualized applications  (horizontal apps)  -enterprise applications  (vertical apps)
3	1	application software	any computer program that an able to use her to perform a certain task, such as word processing or desktop publishing.	an end-user program which perform user-identified tasks such as word processing and photo editing or are used for entertainment  e.g. ms word, excel etc.
1	0	application software	intended to perform certain tasks, and is either a single program or a collection of smaller programs.	any software program you want to use to do something specific
2	1	application software	everyday programs that you use to produce something useful.	any software program you want to use to do something specific
3	1	application software	programs that make a computer useful for everyday tasks (ex. microsoft word, powerpoint)	programs that perform tasks specifically for the user such as word, excel, powerpoint, and photoshop.
3	1	application software	allows the user to perform everyday tasks (word processing, web browsing, etc.)	an end-user program which perform user-identified tasks such as word processing and photo editing or are used for entertainment  e.g. ms word, excel etc.
0	0	application software	programs that perform specific tasks that would need doing even if computers did not exist.	software written to address specific needs e.g. word processing programs, games, inventory control systems, automobile diagnostic programs, and missile guidance programs.
2	1	application software	set of programs that helps the user perform functions, tasks, or activities.	its a group of programs designed for end users
3	1	application software	software used to solve specific problems or perform specific tasks	programs developed to carry out specific tasks or solve particular problems.
3	1	application software	the software you use to do everyday tasks at home and at work	software tools that are used to complete the work required to operate
0	0	application software	everyday programs that you use to produce something useful.	intended to perform certain tasks, and is either a single program or a collection of smaller programs.
2	1	application software	software written for a unique and specific purpose	it is a sub class of computer software that employs the capabilities of a computer directly and thoroughly to a task that the user wishes to perform.
3	1	application software	everyday programs that you use to produce something useful. microsoft word and powerpoint are good examples.	programs that make a computer useful for everyday tasks (ex. microsoft word, powerpoint)
1	0	application software	a group of programs designed for end users. these programs are divided into two classes: system software and application software.	is a program or group of programs designed for end users. these programs are divided into two classes:
1	0	application software	programs that enable the computer to carry out one or more specific task. programs that relates to the things you want to do.	intended to perform certain tasks, and is either a single program or a collection of smaller programs.
2	1	application software	its a group of programs designed for end users	programs designed to perform certain tasks as specified by the user.
2	1	application software	everyday programs that you use to produce something useful.	software written to address specific needs e.g. word processing programs, games, inventory control systems, automobile diagnostic programs, and missile guidance programs.
2	1	application software	end user of software that is used to accomplish a variety of tasks. 1. general purpose applications. 2. specialized applications.  3. mobile apps.	computer software created to allow the user to perform a specific job or task  three categories  * general purpose application  * specialized apps  * mobile apps
3	1	application software	software that lets the user perform tasks	a program or collection of programs which allows the user to perform some desired task with the computer system.
2	1	application software	productivity, entertainment, communication, or other software that lets you manipulate data or perform tasks (browser, spreadsheet, word processor, video editing)	any program that processes data for the user (inventory, payroll, spreadsheet, word processor, etc.) and is typically used to increase productivity.
3	1	application software	programs that enable the users to preform specific tasks on a comp such as writing a letter or playing a game.	programs that enable users to perform specific tasks on a computer, such as writing a letter or playing game; frequently referred to as apps
3	1	application software	programs that direct the computer to carry out specific tasks; for example, word processing, playing a game, or computing numbers on a worksheet.	programs that enable the users to preform specific tasks on a comp such as writing a letter or playing a game.
2	1	application software	software (information system technology component) category which does something useful.	collective term for computer programs that carry out tasks that computer users find directly useful.
3	1	application software	end user of software that is used to accomplish a variety of tasks. 1. general purpose applications. 2. specialized applications.  3. mobile apps.	- end user software - accomplish a variety of tasks  - three categories: general purpose applications, specialized applications, mobile apps
2	1	application software	a family of programs that perform a specific task beyond the basic operation of the computer itself.	any software program you want to use to do something specific
1	0	application software	programs designed for specific purposes; helps people use a computer to carry out tasks.	a family of programs that perform a specific task beyond the basic operation of the computer itself.
3	1	application software	software that performs some useful task for a user such as typing a letter or playing a game	software that performs some useful task such as word processing or playing a game for a user. ( microsoft office, google suite, database)
0	0	application software	the everyday programs that we use to create documents and perform tasks e.g. internet explorer and paint	programs that work with os software to help computers do specific types of work
1	0	application software	programs designed for specific purposes; helps people use a computer to carry out tasks.	everyday programs that you use to produce something useful.
1	0	application software	includes programs that perform a single task such as word processing, spreadsheet analysis, or database management	programs that specify the information processing activities required for the completion of specific tasks of computer users
2	1	application software	everyday programs that you use to produce something useful.	a family of programs that perform a specific task beyond the basic operation of the computer itself.
3	1	application software	comprises all the programs you apply to a task, such as: word processor, processing programs, spreadsheets, payroll, inventory programs, games etc.	comprises all the programs you apply to a task—word-processing programs, spreadsheets, payroll and inventory programs, and even games.
3	1	application software	programs that perform tasks specifically for the user such as docs, sheets and slides.	programs that enable users to perform specific tasks on a computer, such as writing a letter or playing game; frequently referred to as apps
2	1	application software	designed to accomplish a particular task, ex. word, excel	accomplishes a specific task - word processing, financial management, drawing
3	1	application software	this type of software consists of programs that support the day-to-day business functions and provide users with the information they need. examples include spreadsheets, presentation software, database management, etc.	programs that perform specific user tasks such as word processing, database management, or accounting
1	0	application software	programs that help users solve specific computing problems.	enable people, workgroups, and entire enterprises to solve problems and perform specific tasks.
2	1	application software	programs that let you do specific tasks. such as word processing, database management or financial planning	software designed to support a specific organizational function or process
1	0	application software	software programs, such as email, word processors, spreadsheets, and graphics packages, used by employees in typical office scenarios	software classified as individualized applications and enterprise applications, allows the user to create something like a document or spreadsheet.
0	0	application software	intended to perform certain tasks, and is either a single program or a collection of smaller programs.	software written to address specific needs e.g. word processing programs, games, inventory control systems, automobile diagnostic programs, and missile guidance programs.
2	1	application software	computer program designed to carry out specialized task for users	easy to use programs designed to perform specific tasks
2	1	application software	programs designed for specific purposes; helps people use a computer to carry out tasks.	software written to address specific needs e.g. word processing programs, games, inventory control systems, automobile diagnostic programs, and missile guidance programs.
1	0	application software	these are programs that enable the user to carry useful tasks for business or personal use.	specific tasks the user will carry out
2	1	application software	productivity, entertainment, communication, or other software that lets you manipulate data or perform tasks (browser, spreadsheet, word processor, video editing)	computer software created to allow the user to perform a specific job or task. used in office
3	1	application software	is a software that has been developed to solve a particular problem for users—to perform useful work on specific tasks or to provide entertainment.	programs developed to carry out specific tasks or solve particular problems.
2	1	application software	programs that help users solve specific computing problems.	is a software that has been developed to solve a particular problem for users—to perform useful work on specific tasks or to provide entertainment.
3	1	application software	designed for end users, includes database programs, word processors, web processors, and spreadsheet.	applications software (also called end-user programs) include such things as database programs, word processors, web browsers and spreadsheets.
3	1	application software	programs that help the user perform specific tasks, e.g. word processors, web browsers, email clients, and games.	programs that end users run to accomplish tasks such as word processor, video editing, spreadsheets, web browser, ftp-client, video player, cd players.
2	1	application software	everyday programs that you use to produce something useful. microsoft word and powerpoint are good examples.	programs that perform tasks specifically for the user such as word, excel, powerpoint, and photoshop.
1	0	application software	software programs, such as email, word processors, spreadsheets, and graphics packages, used by employees in typical office scenarios	designed to serve the user and carry out whatever task he or she can imagine, like creating a document or spreadsheet.
3	1	application software	- end user software - accomplish a variety of tasks  - three categories: general purpose applications, specialized applications, mobile apps	computer software created to allow the user to perform a specific job or task  three categories  * general purpose application  * specialized apps  * mobile apps
3	1	application software	programs designed for an end user to do a particular task, such as word-processing and spreadsheet programs	application software are programs designed for an end user to do a particular task,such as word-processing and spreadsheet programs.
2	1	application software	software used to directly complete a specific task or to create something electronically. example: microsoft word	software tools that are used to complete the work required to operate
1	0	application software	this type of software is used to carry out specific tasks for a business. examples: microsoft office and quickbooks.	the software you use to do everyday tasks at home and at work
3	1	application software	computer programs that help users solve particular computing problems.	programs that help users solve particular problems or needs
3	1	application software	computer programs that help users solve particular computing problems.	programs that help users solve particular computing problems (ex. registration systems for students to register for classes)
3	1	application software	programs that make a computer useful for everyday tasks (ex. microsoft word, powerpoint)	type of software that makes a computer useful for everyday tasks
3	1	application software	collective term for computer programs that carry out tasks that computer users find directly useful.	software program that helps you use the computer to do particular tasks
0	0	application software	everyday programs that you use to produce something useful.	programs that perform specific tasks that would need doing even if computers did not exist.
1	0	application software	an end-user program which perform user-identified tasks such as word processing and photo editing or are used for entertainment  e.g. ms word, excel etc.	used to accomplish specific tasks such as word processing and surfing the internet.
3	1	application software	- end user software - accomplish a variety of tasks  - three categories: general purpose applications, specialized applications, mobile apps	end user software. accomplishes variety of tasks. 3 parts (general purpose, specialized, mobile).
2	1	application software	enable people, workgroups, and entire enterprises to solve problems and perform specific tasks.	programs developed to carry out specific tasks or solve particular problems.
1	0	application software	programs that enable the computer to carry out one or more specific task. programs that relates to the things you want to do.	any software program you want to use to do something specific
3	1	application software	aka end-user software, includes database programs, word processors, web browsers, and spreadsheets.	(also called end-user programs) inclydes such thing as database programs, word processors, web browsers and spreadsheet
0	0	application software	programs that perform specific tasks that would need doing even if computers did not exist.	programs that enable the computer to carry out one or more specific task. programs that relates to the things you want to do.
2	1	application software	includes programs that perform a single task such as word processing, spreadsheet analysis, or database management	programs that specify the information processing activities required for the completion of specific tasks of computer users. examples are electronic spreadsheet and word processing programs or inventory or payroll programs.
2	1	application software	software designed for users to perform specific tasks such as word processing, spreadsheet and database management.	helps you perform a specific task such as word processing, spreadsheets, etc.
3	1	application software	programs that perform user or business specific tasks	software designed to support a specific organizational function or process
2	1	application software	software programs, such as email, word processors, spreadsheets, and graphics packages, used by employees in typical office scenarios	enables user to perform specific tasks, like word, spreadsheets, video games
3	1	application software	programs designed for specific purposes; helps people use a computer to carry out tasks.	programs that enable the computer to carry out one or more specific task. programs that relates to the things you want to do.
3	1	application software	programs that perform user or business specific tasks	programs that let you do specific tasks. such as word processing, database management or financial planning
1	0	application software	-a set of computer instructions that provides a specific functionality to a user - functionality can be: broad=general word processing or narrow=org's payroll program	software you use to meet your specific information processing needs such as payroll, word processing, customer relationship management, and others
1	0	application software	programs that perform tasks specifically for the user such as word, excel, powerpoint, and photoshop.	makes a computer useful for tasks
2	1	application software	software that allows you to complete tasks eg powerpoint	software written for a unique and specific purpose
2	1	application software	programs designed for specific purposes; helps people use a computer to carry out tasks.	any software program you want to use to do something specific
1	0	application software	programs that direct the computer to carry out specific tasks; for example, word processing, playing a game, or computing numbers on a worksheet.	programs that perform tasks specifically for the user such as docs, sheets and slides.
1	0	application software	enables user to perform specific tasks, like word, spreadsheets, video games	software classified as individualized applications and enterprise applications, allows the user to create something like a document or spreadsheet.
2	1	application software	software that allows you to complete tasks eg powerpoint	software tools that are used to complete the work required to operate
1	0	application software	this type of software is used to carry out specific tasks for a business. examples: microsoft office and quickbooks.	software written for a unique and specific purpose
2	1	application software	software that allows you to complete tasks eg powerpoint	it is a sub class of computer software that employs the capabilities of a computer directly and thoroughly to a task that the user wishes to perform.
3	1	application software	user-oriented computer programs that deal with user related problems or tasks. such as ms word, ms excel, erp software, mobile apps.	user-oriented computer programs that deal with user problems or tasks. (ms word, excel, mobile apps)
2	1	application software	productivity, entertainment, communication, or other software that lets you manipulate data or perform tasks (browser, spreadsheet, word processor, video editing)	computer software created to allow the user to perform a specific job or task - software such as word processing, spreadsheets, payroll and inventory, even games
3	1	application software	end user of software that is used to accomplish a variety of tasks. 1. general purpose applications. 2. specialized applications.  3. mobile apps.	end user software. accomplishes variety of tasks. 3 parts (general purpose, specialized, mobile).
2	1	application software	set of programs that helps the user perform functions, tasks, or activities.	an application program is a computer program designed to perform a group of coordinated functions, tasks, or activities for the benefit of the user
1	0	application software	the software you use to do everyday tasks at home and at work	software written for a unique and specific purpose
3	1	application software	set of programs that helps the user perform functions, tasks, or activities.	programs designed to perform certain tasks as specified by the user.
0	0	application software	includes programs that perform a single task such as word processing, spreadsheet analysis, or database management	programs that direct computers to perform information processing for end users
3	1	application software	computer software created to allow the user to perform a specific job or task  three categories  * general purpose application  * specialized apps  * mobile apps	end user software. accomplishes variety of tasks. 3 parts (general purpose, specialized, mobile).
2	1	application software	software that is designed to do a particular task such as writing an email, browsing a website or drawing a picture.	enables user to perform specific tasks, like word, spreadsheets, video games
3	1	application software	computer software created to allow the user to perform a specific job or task. examples are : word processors, spreadsheets, web browsers, games. don't use brand names in an exam.	computer software created to allow the user to perform a specific job or task. eg. word, excel, browsers, games
2	1	application software	programs that specify the information processing activities required for the completion of specific tasks of computer users. examples are electronic spreadsheet and word processing programs or inventory or payroll programs.	computer programs that help users perform a specific task such as word processing. also called application programs, applications or programs
2	1	application software	software that is designed to do a particular task such as writing an email, browsing a website or drawing a picture.	software classified as individualized applications and enterprise applications, allows the user to create something like a document or spreadsheet.
2	1	application software	computer software created to allow the user to perform a specific job or task  support a specific organizaitonal function such as inventory management, payroll, or market analysis	programs that let you do specific tasks. such as word processing, database management or financial planning
2	1	application software	programs that help users solve specific computing problems.	software used to solve specific problems or perform specific tasks
1	0	application software	software that lets the user perform tasks	a program that enables a computer to perform a task that the user uses
3	1	application software	computer software created to allow the user to perform a specific job or task. used in office	computer software created to allow the user to perform a specific job or task  ex. word processing, spreadsheet's, database, and graphics software
0	0	application software	software that has been developed to solve a particular problem, perform useful work on general tasks or provide information. they are not included/necessary for a device.	software used to solve specific problems or perform specific tasks
3	1	application software	allows the user to perform everyday tasks (word processing, web browsing, etc.)	used to accomplish specific tasks such as word processing and surfing the internet.
0	0	application software	type of software that makes a computer useful for everyday tasks	makes a computer useful for tasks
2	1	application software	computer software created to allow the user to perform a specific job or task. used in office	computer software created to allow the user to perform a specific job or task - software such as word processing, spreadsheets, payroll and inventory, even games
2	1	application software	everyday programs that you use to produce something useful. microsoft word and powerpoint are good examples.	makes a computer useful for tasks
2	1	application software	programs that help users solve specific computing problems.	programs developed to carry out specific tasks or solve particular problems.
1	0	application software	its software that is designed to perform a group of functions, activities, and tasks for the benefits of the user.	its a group of programs designed for end users
3	1	application software	software that is designed to do a particular task such as writing an email, browsing a website or drawing a picture.	software that enables performance of specific computer tasks, such as document production, spreadsheet calculations, database management, and presentation preparation
2	1	application software	software that is designed to do a particular task such as writing an email, browsing a website or drawing a picture.	designed to serve the user and carry out whatever task he or she can imagine, like creating a document or spreadsheet.
3	1	application software	any software program you want to use to do something specific	software written to address specific needs e.g. word processing programs, games, inventory control systems, automobile diagnostic programs, and missile guidance programs.
2	1	application software	performs a service or function. (word, excel, quickbooks)	software program that helps you perform business functions
1	0	application software	this type of software consists of programs that support the day-to-day business functions and provide users with the information they need. examples include spreadsheets, presentation software, database management, etc.	used to facilitate communications, assist with graphics and multimedia projects, and support home, personal, and educational tasks
2	1	application software	software written for a unique and specific purpose	software tools that are used to complete the work required to operate
2	1	application software	software designed for users to perform specific tasks such as word processing, spreadsheet and database management.	set of programs to help the user perform functions/tasks/activities.  classified as either: -individualized applications  (horizontal apps)  -enterprise applications  (vertical apps)
2	1	application software	programs that specify the information processing activities required for the completion of specific tasks of computer users	computer programs that help users perform a specific task such as word processing. also called application programs, applications or programs
2	1	application software	a family of programs that perform a specific task beyond the basic operation of the computer itself.	intended to perform certain tasks, and is either a single program or a collection of smaller programs.
2	1	application software	any software which allows a user to carry out a task or aids them in producing something on a computer.	software (information system technology component) category which does something useful.
1	0	application software	a computer program designed to perform a group of coordinated functions to benefit the user.	designed to perform a group of coordinating functions
0	0	application software	software that has been developed to solve a particular problem, perform useful work on general tasks or provide information. they are not included/necessary for a device.	enable people, workgroups, and entire enterprises to solve problems and perform specific tasks.
1	0	application software	programs designed for specific purposes; helps people use a computer to carry out tasks.	programs that perform specific tasks that would need doing even if computers did not exist.
1	0	application software	programs that perform specific tasks that would need doing even if computers did not exist.	any software program you want to use to do something specific
2	1	application software	can be described as end user software and is used to accomplish a variety of tasks.	end user software and is used to accomplish a variety of tasks 3 categories -general purpose -specialized -mobile
3	1	application software	set of programs that helps the user perform functions, tasks, or activities.	its software that is designed to perform a group of functions, activities, and tasks for the benefits of the user.
2	1	application software	set of programs that helps the user perform functions, tasks, or activities.	a category of software programs that enable users to perform activities, functions, or tasks.
2	1	application software	programs that help users solve particular computing problems (ex. registration systems for students to register for classes)	programs that help users solve particular problems or needs
1	0	application software	is a software program that runs on your computer. web browsers, e-mail programs, word processors, games, and utilities are all applications.	everyday programs.  ex. database, presentation software
2	1	application software	a program used by individuals to carry out work or personal tasks or projects, or for entertainment	computer software created to allow the user to perform a specific job or tasks at home, school and work
3	1	application software	programs that enable the computer to carry out one or more specific task. programs that relates to the things you want to do.	software written to address specific needs e.g. word processing programs, games, inventory control systems, automobile diagnostic programs, and missile guidance programs.
2	1	application software	everyday programs that you use to produce something useful. microsoft word and powerpoint are good examples.	type of software that makes a computer useful for everyday tasks
3	1	application software	program designed for end users that helps them accomplish everyday tasks at home, school, and work.	computer software created to allow the user to perform a specific job or tasks at home, school and work
2	1	application software	used to facilitate communications, assist with graphics and multimedia projects, and support home, personal, and educational tasks	programs that perform specific user tasks such as word processing, database management, or accounting
1	0	application software	this type of software is used to carry out specific tasks for a business. examples: microsoft office and quickbooks.	software that allows you to complete tasks eg powerpoint
3	1	application software	software that performs some useful task such as word processing or playing a game for a user.	software that performs some useful task for a user such as typing a letter or playing a game
1	0	application software	software that has been developed to solve a particular problem, perform useful work on general tasks or provide information. they are not included/necessary for a device.	programs that help users solve specific computing problems.
2	1	application software	also referred to as apps. software that can perform useful work, such as word processing, cost estimating, or accounting tasks. the user primarily interacts with application software	software that is designed to do a particular task such as writing an email, browsing a website or drawing a picture.
1	0	application software	programs that let you do specific tasks. such as word processing, database management or financial planning	is computer software designed to support specific organizational functions and processes (inventory management, payroll, market analysis)  an important result of systems analysis and design
3	1	application software	programs that direct the computer to carry out specific tasks; for example, word processing, playing a game, or computing numbers on a worksheet.	programs that enable users to perform specific tasks on a computer, such as writing a letter or playing game; frequently referred to as apps
1	0	application software	computer software created to allow the user to perform a specific job or task. used in office	any program that processes data for the user (inventory, payroll, spreadsheet, word processor, etc.) and is typically used to increase productivity.
2	1	application software	consists of instructions that direct a computer system to perform specific information-processing activities and also to provide functionality for users	software you use to meet your specific information processing needs such as payroll, word processing, customer relationship management, and others
2	1	application software	software used to directly complete a specific task or to create something electronically. example: microsoft word	software written for a unique and specific purpose
3	1	application software	programs that perform tasks specifically for the user such as docs, sheets and slides.	programs that enable the users to preform specific tasks on a comp such as writing a letter or playing a game.
1	0	executable code	code translated from a compiler and link editor that is ready for an operating system to load and execute.	the code that is a result of the compile process translated from source code.
2	1	information systems	a set of interrelated components that collect, manipulate, store, and disseminate data and information and provide a feed mechanism to meet an objective.	a combinations of 5 elements used to collect, create, and distribute useful data
0	0	information systems	information systems are computer-based systems that capture, store, and retrieve data associated with process activities.	-key role in supporting business processes -workflow: a defined sequence of processes and tasks that are managed and monitored by an info system
0	0	information systems	enable sharing information widely, through modern information systems - the internet.	- model of real world - system has no control over real world domain - examples: weather monitoring system, student grading system (grades kept and updated by input)
1	0	information systems	automate many steps in business processes that were formerly performed manually, such as checking a client's credit or generating an invoice and shipping order.	-key role in supporting business processes -workflow: a defined sequence of processes and tasks that are managed and monitored by an info system
3	1	information systems	integrated set of components and activities designed to accomplish data storage, data retrieval, data manipulation, data communication; to make data more accessible	integrated/coordinated sets of components and activities designed to accomplish: data storage, data retrieval, data manipulation, data communication
1	0	information systems	data systems, people, processes and data	hardware, software, data, procedures, people.
3	1	information systems	a set of interrelated components that collect, manipulate, store, and disseminate data and information and provide a feed mechanism to meet an objective.	set of interrelated components that collect manipulate store and disseminate data to provide a feedback mechanism for an objective
1	0	information systems	collection of hardware,software, people dataand procedures that work together to provide,information, essential to runnig an organization.	the final element of high-performance work systems is the organization's ability to share information widely
0	0	information systems	enable sharing information widely, through modern information systems - the internet.	used to convert data into information on which decisions can be based
2	1	information systems	use of technology to enhance organizational decision making; creation of organizational efficiencies and competitive advantage	using information technology to improve organizational performance  is helps to improve it  information systems helps to improve information technology
0	0	information systems	people, processes, hardware, software, networks, and data comprise the six major components of a computer-based	the study of complementary networks of hardware and software that people and organizations use to collect, filter, process, create, and distribute data
2	1	information systems	a combinations of 5 elements used to collect, create, and distribute useful data	set of interrelated components that collect manipulate store and disseminate data to provide a feedback mechanism for an objective
1	0	information systems	is a group of components that interact to achieve some purpose e.g. a car  refers to a group of component that interact to produce information	set of interrelated components that manage information to: - support decision making, coordination, &  control. - help with analysis, visualization, &  product creation.
0	0	information systems	- model of real world - system has no control over real world domain - examples: weather monitoring system, student grading system (grades kept and updated by input)	used to convert data into information on which decisions can be based
3	1	information systems	hardware, software, data, procedures, people.	consists of hardware and software, but also people, procedures, and data
1	0	information systems	data systems, people, processes and data	consists of hardware and software, but also people, procedures, and data
2	1	information systems	people, processes, hardware, software, networks, and data comprise the six major components of a computer-based	combinations of hardware, softwares and telecommunications networks that people build and use to collect, create and distribute useful data in organizations
1	0	information systems	software that enables users to organize and analyze data (e.g., customer information)	processes data + transactions to provide users with the information they need to plan, control, and operate an organization
1	0	information systems	combinations of hardware, softwares and telecommunications networks that people build and use to collect, create and distribute useful data in organizations	the study of complementary networks of hardware and software that people and organizations use to collect, filter, process, create, and distribute data
0	0	performance metrics	measure of a business activities and performance should be suited to stakeholder needs rather than just the needs of owners and shareholders	measures of how well processor performs e.g. space and time metric
1	0	performance metrics	task success, completion time, errors per task, efficiency (cognitive effort), learnability	measures of how well processor performs e.g. space and time metric
0	0	performance metrics	task success, completion time, errors per task, efficiency (cognitive effort), learnability	measure of a business activities and performance should be suited to stakeholder needs rather than just the needs of owners and shareholders
1	0	high-level languages	languages that use english-like words as instructions. easier, but less powerful.	more human readable languages that allow programmers to create programs without knowing how cpu works
1	0	high-level languages	-programming languages whose instructions more closely resemble the english language	have closer resemblance to natural language
3	1	high-level languages	programming languages that are close to spoken english. needs to be translated into machine code before it can be ran	include natural language features (english) and must be translated by the computer into machine language
1	0	query language	consists of simple, english-like statements that allow users to specify the data to display, print, store, update, or delete.	dml used in a stand alone interactive manner is called
3	1	query language	you use a specialized language called structured query language to retrieve and manipulate information in a database.	use a specialized language sql to retrieve and manipulate information in a database.
1	0	query language	provides instructions and procedures to retrieve data from a database.	refers to any computer programming language that requests and retrieves data from database and information systems by sending queries
1	0	query language	a language for the specification of procedures for the retrieval (and sometimes also modification) of information from a database. an example would be sql	a statement requesting the retrieval of information.
1	0	image analysis	understanding what the image characteristics represent in the real world	extraction of meaningful information from images
0	0	image analysis	image components and characteristics must be identified and analyzed for the image reconstruction (segmentation, histogram construction, histogram analysis, and application of look up tables)	capturing and analyzing visual images. includes image quality factors: density/image receptor exposure, contrast, recorded detail, and distortion.
0	0	image analysis	image components and characteristics must be identified and analyzed for the image reconstruction (segmentation, histogram construction, histogram analysis, and application of look up tables)	-allows measurements, statistics, image segmentation, feature extraction, and classification of objects to be performed
2	1	image analysis	digital image processing in which measurements and statistics are performed, in addition to image segmentation, feature extraction, and classification of objects	-allows measurements, statistics, image segmentation, feature extraction, and classification of objects to be performed
0	0	image analysis	digital image processing in which measurements and statistics are performed, in addition to image segmentation, feature extraction, and classification of objects	capturing and analyzing visual images. includes image quality factors: density/image receptor exposure, contrast, recorded detail, and distortion.
1	0	image analysis	image components and characteristics must be identified and analyzed for the image reconstruction (segmentation, histogram construction, histogram analysis, and application of look up tables)	digital image processing in which measurements and statistics are performed, in addition to image segmentation, feature extraction, and classification of objects
3	1	data center	facility housing primarily electronic equipment used for data processing (servers), data storage (storage equipment), and communications (network equipment); collectively, this equipment processes, stores, and transmits digital information	a facility that houses it equipment including compute, storage, and network components, and other supporting infrastructure for providing centralized data-processing capabilities
0	0	data center	a larger concentration of networked computers working together	a climate and access-controlled building or a set of buildings that houses the computer hardware that delivers an organization's data and information services.
0	0	data center	refers to the building or facility that houses the servers and equipment.	a larger concentration of networked computers working together
2	1	data center	houses a large number of hosts is used to create a powerful virtual server	user to create powerful virtual server to handle a larger # of hosts.  1 data center can have multiple servers
3	1	data center	hysical or virtual infrastructures used by enterprises to house computer, server and networking systems and components for the company's it (information technology) needs	a data center is a used by enterprises to house computer, server and networking systems and components for the company's it (information technology) needs.
1	0	data center	a secure area where servers and other hardware operate apart from the client machine	large room housing many servers with communications links, power, climate control, and their other supporting services.
1	0	data center	facility used to house computer systems and associated components, such as telecommunications and storage systems.	a specialized facility designed to house and protect computer systems and data.
2	1	data center	refers to the building or facility that houses the servers and equipment.	a climate and access-controlled building or a set of buildings that houses the computer hardware that delivers an organization's data and information services.
0	0	data center	the fourth component of the network architecture, which also includes database and email servers for the organization.	contains the organization's servers
3	1	impact analysis	analysising the impact of the changes made  tells us about parts of system that might be inadvertantly affected and may need regression testing  decision taken with stakeholders	analysis of how the potential change will affect the system and work environment as a whole
0	0	impact analysis	the assessment of change to the layers of development documentation, test documentation and components, in order to implement a given change to specified requirements.	the identification of all work products affected by a change, including an estimate of the resources needed to accomplish the change
2	1	impact analysis	the assessment of change to the layers of development documentation, test documentation and components, in order to implement a given change to specified requirements.	identify the scope by a change (cost estimation, consistency examination)
0	0	impact analysis	type of cost-benefit analysis that lists but does not attempt to quantify the costs and benefits into a common unit (ex: dollars)	analysising the impact of the changes made  tells us about parts of system that might be inadvertantly affected and may need regression testing  decision taken with stakeholders
0	0	impact analysis	the identification of all work products affected by a change, including an estimate of the resources needed to accomplish the change	identify the scope by a change (cost estimation, consistency examination)
0	0	impact analysis	type of cost-benefit analysis that lists but does not attempt to quantify the costs and benefits into a common unit (ex: dollars)	analysis of how the potential change will affect the system and work environment as a whole
1	0	impact analysis	seek to identify programs net impacts that can be attributed to the program over and above the effects of usual care strong experimental or quasi-experimental design	evaluates the impact of the program
2	1	error rate	in biometrics, the normal rate of misidentification when the subject is cooperating.	accuracy of biometric authentication when supplicant is not trying to deceive the system.
2	1	error rate	number, frequency, or proportion of errors (relative to correct completions) for a given task or interface.	frequency in which errors occur in a given time period.
1	0	error rate	the rate at which errors occur, where an error is the reception of a 1 when a 0 was transmitted or vice versa	the number of errors that occur during data transmission. network errors occur more often when the connection is less reliable.
3	1	error rate	the proportion of errors made over a whole set of instances, and it measures the overall performance of a classifier.	natural performance measure for classification problems, proportion of errors made over the whole set of instances
0	0	error rate	the proportion of mistakes that are made if we apply our estimate ˆf to the training observations.	the number of documents for which the closest match is in the wrong category.
2	1	error rate	the rate at which errors occur, where an error is the reception of a 1 when a 0 was transmitted or vice versa	the number of errors that occur during data transmission
2	1	error rate	natural performance measure for classification problems, proportion of errors made over the whole set of instances	1 - accuracy or #wrong predictions/total
2	1	error rate	a usability dimension concerned with how many errors a user might encounter and how easy it is to recover from those errors.	error frequency &  severity — speed/effort to recover from errors
1	0	error rate	(per page) the fraction of pages (unit of operation) that time out or fail	counts the number of mistakes that a system generates per thousand or million transactions
0	0	error rate	the number of errors that occur during data transmission. network errors occur more often when the connection is less reliable.	less reliable connections increase the number of errors
1	0	error rate	the proportion of errors made over a whole set of instances, and it measures the overall performance of a classifier.	the proportion of mistakes that are made if we apply our estimate ˆf to the training observations.
0	0	error rate	probability of drawing incorrect t conclusions increase as # of repeated tests increase. use stat procedures to control this	the percentage of misclassified observations;  it is 1 - accuracy.
0	0	error rate	repeating certain tests multiple times can lead to incorrect conclusions	the percentage of misclassified observations;  it is 1 - accuracy.
2	1	error rate	probability of drawing incorrect t conclusions increase as # of repeated tests increase. use stat procedures to control this	probability of incorrect conclusions increases with the number of repeated tests
2	1	error rate	repeating certain tests multiple times can lead to incorrect conclusions	probability of incorrect conclusions increases with the number of repeated tests
2	1	error rate	the proportion of mistakes that are made if we apply our estimate ˆf to the training observations.	natural performance measure for classification problems, proportion of errors made over the whole set of instances
1	0	error rate	shouldn't determine the best split. inadequate measure for algo.	the proportion of errors made over a whole set of instances, and it measures the overall performance of a classifier.
0	0	error rate	shouldn't determine the best split. inadequate measure for algo.	proportion of errors made over the whole set of instances
2	1	error rate	frequency in which errors occur in a given time period.	a usability dimension concerned with how many errors a user might encounter and how easy it is to recover from those errors.
1	0	error rate	the proportion of errors made over a whole set of instances, and it measures the overall performance of a classifier.	the number of documents for which the closest match is in the wrong category.
3	1	error rate	proportion of errors made over the whole set of instances	1 - accuracy or #wrong predictions/total
1	0	error rate	number, frequency, or proportion of errors (relative to correct completions) for a given task or interface.	a usability dimension concerned with how many errors a user might encounter and how easy it is to recover from those errors.
0	0	error rate	proportion of errors made over the whole set of instances	the proportion of mistakes that are made if we apply our estimate ˆf to the training observations.
0	0	error rate	shouldn't determine the best split. inadequate measure for algo.	natural performance measure for classification problems, proportion of errors made over the whole set of instances
0	0	error rate	shouldn't determine the best split. inadequate measure for algo.	1 - accuracy or #wrong predictions/total
0	0	error rate	the rate at which errors occur, where an error is the reception of a 1 when a 0 was transmitted or vice versa	less reliable connections increase the number of errors
1	0	error rate	number, frequency, or proportion of errors (relative to correct completions) for a given task or interface.	error frequency &  severity — speed/effort to recover from errors
0	0	error rate	the number of errors that occur during data transmission	less reliable connections increase the number of errors
0	0	error rate	shouldn't determine the best split. inadequate measure for algo.	the number of documents for which the closest match is in the wrong category.
1	0	error rate	in biometrics, the normal rate of misidentification when the subject is cooperating.	refers to accuracy when the supplicant is not trying to deceive the system
0	0	resource utilization	charts based on each activity earliest start time are called asap schedule &   based on each activity latest time are called alap schedule.	rate of non-consumable aids being used in a simulation
0	0	resource utilization	spend resources on developing differentiated products and services, not infrastructure	the rn utilizes appropriate resources appropriate resources to plan and provide nursing services that are safe, effective, and financially responsible
3	1	assembly language	similar to machine language, but instead of binary it uses alphabetic codes to represent fundamental operations	programming languages that use mnemonics to represent each cpu instruction that are programmer defined.
0	0	assembly language	code that is specific to a particular hardware, but needs to be translated into machine code before it can run	same as a computer's machine language, except that words are substituted for some of the numeric codes; not really readable; not translatable to any machine
0	0	assembly language	the first symbolic languages; acronyms are assembled into strings of 0's and 1's; used today for special purpose computer applications	programming languages that use mnemonics to represent each cpu instruction that are programmer defined.
2	1	assembly language	low-level programming language that allows a programmer to write a program abbreviations of more easily remembered words instead of numbers	programming languages that use mnemonics to represent each cpu instruction that are programmer defined.
2	1	assembly language	contains the instructions and variables that have specific names instead of being just binary numbers	low-level programming language that allows a programmer to write a program abbreviations of more easily remembered words instead of numbers
1	0	assembly language	-programmer must manage movement of data among memory locations and registers -microscopic view of the task	programming languages that use mnemonics to represent each cpu instruction that are programmer defined.
1	0	assembly language	contains the instructions and variables that have specific names instead of being just binary numbers	gives instructions to cpu as fundamental operations written as alphabetic codes
2	1	assembly language	a combination of hexadecimal numbers and expressions, such as mov, add,and sub, so writing programs in this language is easier than in machine language.	low-level programming language that allows a programmer to write a program abbreviations of more easily remembered words instead of numbers
1	0	assembly language	a language that functionality equivalent to machine language but is easier for people to read, write, and understand	programming languages that use mnemonics to represent each cpu instruction that are programmer defined.
2	1	assembly language	a way of programming that involves writing mnemonics.	language that uses mnemonics to represent each machine language instruction
2	1	assembly language	contains the instructions and variables that have specific names instead of being just binary numbers	classified as a low-level language because it is machine specific, typically reads a program written in an assembly language, which has two parts: the op code and the operand
1	0	assembly language	-programmer must manage movement of data among memory locations and registers -microscopic view of the task	similar to machine language, but instead of binary it uses alphabetic codes to represent fundamental operations
1	0	assembly language	contains the instructions and variables that have specific names instead of being just binary numbers	the first symbolic languages; acronyms are assembled into strings of 0's and 1's; used today for special purpose computer applications
2	1	assembly language	a language that functionality equivalent to machine language but is easier for people to read, write, and understand	uses short words (mnemonics) for instructions instead of binary numbers  low level language
2	1	assembly language	a low-level computer programming language that uses simple commands and is translated into machine language by an assembler.	programming language that: - must be translated to machine language by a program called an assembler - is machine dependent
1	0	assembly language	low-level programming language -instructions map one-to-one to machine language -symbolic op codes (not binary) -symbolic addresses for instructions and data -pseudo-ops for data generation and more (data in human-friendly terms)	a low-level programming language in which a mnemonic represents each of the machine language instructions for a particular computer
1	0	assembly language	the first symbolic languages; acronyms are assembled into strings of 0's and 1's; used today for special purpose computer applications	similar to machine language, but instead of binary it uses alphabetic codes to represent fundamental operations
0	0	assembly language	a somewhat more human-like representation of machine language that uses symbols and recognizable codes.	human-like representation of machine language that uses symbols and recognizable codes. an assembler is used to translate this language into machine language.
1	0	assembly language	same as a computer's machine language, except that words are substituted for some of the numeric codes; not really readable; not translatable to any machine	- programming language closer to machine code  - uses mnemonics to refer to commands - directly related to machine code, refers to registry names in code
0	0	assembly language	-programmer must manage movement of data among memory locations and registers -microscopic view of the task	low-level programming language that allows a programmer to write a program abbreviations of more easily remembered words instead of numbers
1	0	assembly language	classified as a low-level language because it is machine specific, typically reads a program written in an assembly language, which has two parts: the op code and the operand	programming languages that use mnemonics to represent each cpu instruction that are programmer defined.
2	1	assembly language	uses short words (mnemonics) for instructions instead of binary numbers  low level language	programming languages that use mnemonics to represent each cpu instruction that are programmer defined.
2	1	assembly language	uses short words (mnemonics) for instructions instead of binary numbers  low level language	second generation of programming languages; uses symbolic instruction codes
2	1	assembly language	a low-level programming language in which a mnemonic represents each of the machine language instructions for a particular computer	computer programming language that uses english-like phrases. it has a near one-to-one structure with the machine language.
1	0	assembly language	classified as a low-level language because it is machine specific, typically reads a program written in an assembly language, which has two parts: the op code and the operand	gives instructions to cpu as fundamental operations written as alphabetic codes
2	1	assembly language	gives instructions to cpu as fundamental operations written as alphabetic codes	uses short words (mnemonics) for instructions instead of binary numbers  low level language
2	1	assembly language	similar to machine language, but instead of binary it uses alphabetic codes to represent fundamental operations	second generation of programming languages; uses symbolic instruction codes
1	0	assembly language	a language that functionality equivalent to machine language but is easier for people to read, write, and understand	low-level programming language that allows a programmer to write a program abbreviations of more easily remembered words instead of numbers
1	0	assembly language	computer programming language that uses english-like phrases. it has a near one-to-one structure with the machine language.	a low-level language in which each instruction is represented using a mnemoic , usually consisting of a few letters.
1	0	assembly language	gives instructions to cpu as fundamental operations written as alphabetic codes	low-level programming language that allows a programmer to write a program abbreviations of more easily remembered words instead of numbers
0	0	assembly language	a language that functionality equivalent to machine language but is easier for people to read, write, and understand	classified as a low-level language because it is machine specific, typically reads a program written in an assembly language, which has two parts: the op code and the operand
1	0	assembly language	contains the instructions and variables that have specific names instead of being just binary numbers	programming languages that use mnemonics to represent each cpu instruction that are programmer defined.
2	1	assembly language	a low-level programming language that uses more memorable mnemonic codes and labels to represent machine-level code. each instruction corresponds to just one machine operation	- programming language closer to machine code  - uses mnemonics to refer to commands - directly related to machine code, refers to registry names in code
1	0	assembly language	the first symbolic languages; acronyms are assembled into strings of 0's and 1's; used today for special purpose computer applications	classified as a low-level language because it is machine specific, typically reads a program written in an assembly language, which has two parts: the op code and the operand
1	0	assembly language	a combination of hexadecimal numbers and expressions, such as mov, add,and sub, so writing programs in this language is easier than in machine language.	uses short words (mnemonics) for instructions instead of binary numbers  low level language
1	0	assembly language	a low-level programming language that uses mnemonic codes to create programs - needs assembler to be processed by the computer	low-level language  users mnemonic codes to create programs
1	0	assembly language	contains the instructions and variables that have specific names instead of being just binary numbers	similar to machine language, but instead of binary it uses alphabetic codes to represent fundamental operations
2	1	assembly language	classified as a low-level language because it is machine specific, typically reads a program written in an assembly language, which has two parts: the op code and the operand	uses short words (mnemonics) for instructions instead of binary numbers  low level language
0	0	assembly language	a language that functionality equivalent to machine language but is easier for people to read, write, and understand	the first symbolic languages; acronyms are assembled into strings of 0's and 1's; used today for special purpose computer applications
0	0	assembly language	contains the instructions and variables that have specific names instead of being just binary numbers	-programmer must manage movement of data among memory locations and registers -microscopic view of the task
1	0	assembly language	classified as a low-level language because it is machine specific, typically reads a program written in an assembly language, which has two parts: the op code and the operand	low-level programming language that allows a programmer to write a program abbreviations of more easily remembered words instead of numbers
1	0	assembly language	assembly language is a low-level symbolic code converted by an assembler.	a low-level language that uses mnemonics to represent each native machine code instruction
1	0	assembly language	gives instructions to cpu as fundamental operations written as alphabetic codes	second generation of programming languages; uses symbolic instruction codes
1	0	assembly language	a programming language that uses mnemonics to represent cpu instructions and memory addresses; also called a second-generation language (2gl)	programming language, one step away from machine language hardware dependent four elements: label, mnemonic, operand, comment
1	0	assembly language	a language that functionality equivalent to machine language but is easier for people to read, write, and understand	contains the instructions and variables that have specific names instead of being just binary numbers
2	1	assembly language	code that is specific to a particular hardware, but needs to be translated into machine code before it can run	a low-level programming language that uses more memorable mnemonic codes and labels to represent machine-level code. each instruction corresponds to just one machine operation
0	0	assembly language	classified as a low-level language because it is machine specific, typically reads a program written in an assembly language, which has two parts: the op code and the operand	second generation of programming languages; uses symbolic instruction codes
3	1	assembly language	aka low level language. instructions made up of mnemonic codes made by programmers	low level language written in mnemonic code. specific to cpu
0	0	assembly language	classified as a low-level language because it is machine specific, typically reads a program written in an assembly language, which has two parts: the op code and the operand	similar to machine language, but instead of binary it uses alphabetic codes to represent fundamental operations
0	0	assembly language	classified as a low-level language because it is machine specific, typically reads a program written in an assembly language, which has two parts: the op code and the operand	a combination of hexadecimal numbers and expressions, such as mov, add,and sub, so writing programs in this language is easier than in machine language.
1	0	assembly language	similar to machine language, but instead of binary it uses alphabetic codes to represent fundamental operations	low-level programming language that allows a programmer to write a program abbreviations of more easily remembered words instead of numbers
2	1	assembly language	contains the instructions and variables that have specific names instead of being just binary numbers	second generation of programming languages; uses symbolic instruction codes
2	1	assembly language	programming language, one step away from machine language hardware dependent four elements: label, mnemonic, operand, comment	a programming language, also known as a second generation programming language, which is still closely tied to the instruction set architecture of the specific computer
1	0	assembly language	contains the instructions and variables that have specific names instead of being just binary numbers	a combination of hexadecimal numbers and expressions, such as mov, add,and sub, so writing programs in this language is easier than in machine language.
2	1	assembly language	a combination of hexadecimal numbers and expressions, such as mov, add,and sub, so writing programs in this language is easier than in machine language.	programming languages that use mnemonics to represent each cpu instruction that are programmer defined.
2	1	assembly language	a combination of hexadecimal numbers and expressions, such as mov, add,and sub, so writing programs in this language is easier than in machine language.	second generation of programming languages; uses symbolic instruction codes
1	0	assembly language	low-level programing language; uses words to perform operation; translated to ml by utility program called assembler; unique to computers	low level language using mnemonic opcodes (such as mov, sto, load) to directly interact with cpu, used by experts for highly efficient/fast programs
2	1	assembly language	a language that functionality equivalent to machine language but is easier for people to read, write, and understand	similar to machine language, but instead of binary it uses alphabetic codes to represent fundamental operations
0	0	assembly language	a programming language that uses letters and numbers to represent machine language instructions	a programming language, also known as a second generation programming language, which is still closely tied to the instruction set architecture of the specific computer
2	1	assembly language	a programming language that uses mnemonic codes to represent machine-language instructions	assembly language is a low-level symbolic code converted by an assembler.
1	0	assembly language	the first symbolic languages; acronyms are assembled into strings of 0's and 1's; used today for special purpose computer applications	low-level programming language that allows a programmer to write a program abbreviations of more easily remembered words instead of numbers
2	1	assembly language	low-level programming language that allows a programmer to write a program abbreviations of more easily remembered words instead of numbers	second generation of programming languages; uses symbolic instruction codes
3	1	assembly language	a programming language that uses mnemonic codes to represent machine-language instructions	a low-level language that uses mnemonics to represent each native machine code instruction
0	0	assembly language	-programmer must manage movement of data among memory locations and registers -microscopic view of the task	classified as a low-level language because it is machine specific, typically reads a program written in an assembly language, which has two parts: the op code and the operand
1	0	assembly language	the first symbolic languages; acronyms are assembled into strings of 0's and 1's; used today for special purpose computer applications	uses short words (mnemonics) for instructions instead of binary numbers  low level language
0	0	assembly language	programming language that has the same structure and set of commands as machine languages but allows programmers to use symbolic representations of numeric machine code with mnemonics.	a low-level programming language that maps 1:1 to machine language
1	0	assembly language	a language that functionality equivalent to machine language but is easier for people to read, write, and understand	gives instructions to cpu as fundamental operations written as alphabetic codes
1	0	assembly language	a language that functionality equivalent to machine language but is easier for people to read, write, and understand	second generation of programming languages; uses symbolic instruction codes
1	0	assembly language	a programming language that uses letters and numbers to represent machine language instructions	programming language, one step away from machine language hardware dependent four elements: label, mnemonic, operand, comment
2	1	assembly language	the first symbolic languages; acronyms are assembled into strings of 0's and 1's; used today for special purpose computer applications	a combination of hexadecimal numbers and expressions, such as mov, add,and sub, so writing programs in this language is easier than in machine language.
3	1	assembly language	a low level language which uses mnemonics	a low-level programming language that uses mnemonic codes to create programs
2	1	assembly language	code that is specific to a particular hardware, but needs to be translated into machine code before it can run	- programming language closer to machine code  - uses mnemonics to refer to commands - directly related to machine code, refers to registry names in code
2	1	assembly language	contains the instructions and variables that have specific names instead of being just binary numbers	uses short words (mnemonics) for instructions instead of binary numbers  low level language
0	0	assembly language	the first symbolic languages; acronyms are assembled into strings of 0's and 1's; used today for special purpose computer applications	-programmer must manage movement of data among memory locations and registers -microscopic view of the task
3	1	input device	part used to input data into a computer ( ex. keyboard, mouse, scanner, etc...)	devices like keyboards and mice that let us interact with the software
2	1	input device	devices like keyboards and mice that let us interact with the software	enters data and commands into the computer. examples: keyboard, mouse, touch screen, microphone, webcam, etc.
3	1	input device	a device used to insert data into a computer or other device (ex: keyboard, mouse, microphone, scanner)	allows the user to input data into the computer - e.g. mouse, keyboard, microphone
0	0	input device	a piece of hardware that allows data to be transmitted to the cpu	devices that capture some form of physical data from the outside world and communicate that data in electronic form into the computer system.
3	1	input device	data entered into the computer through a variety of devices such as a keyboard, microphone, scanner, flash drive, or mouse	any device that sends information into your computer system. i.e. : keyboard, scanner, mouse, trackball
2	1	input device	accepts data anf instructions from the user or from another somputer system	allows raw data to be entered into a computer. can be manual or automatic.
1	0	input device	devices that capture some form of physical data from the outside world and communicate that data in electronic form into the computer system.	&"any peripheral device that can accept data, presented in the appropriate machine-readable form, decode it and transmit it as electrical pulses to the cpu&"
3	1	input device	hardware that allows you to communicate with your computer, example keyboard or mouse.	a device that allows information or data to be entered into a computer such as a mouse, microphone or keyboard
3	1	input device	device used to give the computer data or commands. includes keyboard, mouse, scanner, etc.	any device that provides &"input&" to a computer. such devices include keyboard, mouse, web cameras, etc.
3	1	input device	a device that is used to get data into a computer system	a device used to enter information into a computer.
3	1	input device	device used to give the computer data or commands. includes keyboard, mouse, scanner, etc.	any device that sends information into your computer system. i.e. : keyboard, scanner, mouse, trackball
3	1	input device	a peripheral that provides information to the computer; used to interact with, or send information to, the computer  ex: mouse, keyboard, touchscreen, webcam, microphone, etc.	a device that is used to enter information into a computer (i.e. keyboard, mouse)
3	1	input device	a device through which data and programs from the outside world are entered into the computer. modern examples include: keyboards, mice, cameras (also known as, simply, webcams), and scanning devices.	a device that allows information or data to be entered into a computer such as a mouse, microphone or keyboard
2	1	input device	any device used to input data and commands into the computer, i.e. keyboard, mouse, scanner, microphone	keyboards, scanner, mouse; allows to input data and info convert human language into machine language
3	1	input device	this device sends information to a computer (data comes in). examples include a digital camera, keyboard, or usb drive.	a device that can be used to insert data into a computer example: keyboard, mouse, digital, camera, can you name another device. .=microphone
3	1	input device	hardware component that allows you to enter data/instructions into a computer	a device that allows data to be entered into a computer system
1	0	input device	&"any peripheral device that can accept data, presented in the appropriate machine-readable form, decode it and transmit it as electrical pulses to the cpu&"	are devices used to send data to the microprocessor, they  convert data  from human readable form into machine readable form digital form
3	1	input device	device translates data into form computer can understand. most common types are  keyboard  and  mouse . (+examples..***)	keyboards, scanner, mouse; allows to input data and info convert human language into machine language
3	1	input device	any device, such as a keyboard, that sends data to a computer.	any device that sends information into your computer system. i.e. : keyboard, scanner, mouse, trackball
2	1	input device	anything which can be used to enter data into a computer.	device that allows a computer to receive data from the outside world.
2	1	input device	gets information from the user to the computer	putting info to the computer by getting data into the computer to be processed
3	1	input device	a device that can be used to insert data into a computer example: keyboard, mouse, digital, camera, can you name another device. .=microphone	a device or component that allows information to be given to a computer such as a keyboard, mouse, other buttons, camera, microphone
0	0	input device	allows the user to input data into the computer - e.g. mouse, keyboard, microphone	keyboard, mouse, speaker, touchscreen, storage device, scanner, microphone
2	1	input device	a device used to enter information into a computer like a keyboard or mouse	keyboards, scanner, mouse; allows to input data and info convert human language into machine language
2	1	input device	a device used to enter information onto a computer interface, examples of this include; trackpad, keyboard, finger, and pointing stick	hardware (can touch) that brings data into a device. example: mouse
1	0	input device	any piece of hardware that is used to enter data into a computer system	a hardware or peripheral device used to send data to a computer. allows users to communicate and feed instructions and data to computers for processing, display, storage and/or transmission.
3	1	input device	devices used to insert data into a computer (keyboard, mouse, microphone, scanner, voice recognition)	a device used to insert data into a computer or other device (ex: keyboard, mouse, microphone, scanner)
3	1	input device	hardware that provides information to the computer (ex. keyboards, mice, touch displays, and microphones)	a device that is used to enter information into a computer (i.e. keyboard, mouse)
3	1	input device	devices used to insert data into a computer (keyboard, mouse, microphone, scanner, voice recognition)	allows the user to input data into the computer - e.g. mouse, keyboard, microphone
1	0	input device	hardware used to translate words, numbers, sounds, images, and gestures that people understand into a form that the system unit can process.	include keyboards and mouse and are translators between humans and computers..
2	1	input device	a piece of computer equipment such as a keyboard that enables you to put information into a computer.	device that projects images, gives sound, and basically gives out the info from the computer so the user can obtain it (ex: monitor, printer, projector, speakers)
2	1	input device	hardware that enables a computer user to enter data and programs into a computer.	allows data to entered in a computer system
3	1	input device	any piece of hardware that is used to enter data into a computer system	any peripheral used primarily to enter data into a computer
3	1	input device	a piece of computer equipment such as a keyboard that enables you to put information into a computer.	a device used to enter information into a computer. (ex. keyboard, mouse, mic, flashdrive.)
3	1	input device	any hardware component that allows users to enter data/instructions into a computer	any hardware component that allows users to enter data or instructions (programs, commands and user responses) into a computer
3	1	input device	hardware component that allows you to enter data/instructions into a computer	hardware components that allow data to be uploaded or entered into the computer.
2	1	input device	data entered into the computer through a variety of devices such as a keyboard, microphone, scanner, flash drive, or mouse	device used to give the computer data or commands. includes keyboard, mouse, scanner, etc.
2	1	input device	hardware that provides information to the computer (ex. keyboards, mice, touch displays, and microphones)	a peripheral that provides information to the computer; used to interact with, or send information to, the computer  ex: mouse, keyboard, touchscreen, webcam, microphone, etc.
2	1	input device	devices that capture some form of physical data from the outside world and communicate that data in electronic form into the computer system.	are devices used to send data to the microprocessor, they  convert data  from human readable form into machine readable form digital form
3	1	input device	part used to input data into a computer ( ex. keyboard, mouse, scanner, etc...)	enters data and commands into the computer. examples: keyboard, mouse, touch screen, microphone, webcam, etc.
2	1	input device	any device, such as a keyboard, that sends data to a computer.	data entered into the computer through a variety of devices such as a keyboard, microphone, scanner, flash drive, or mouse
2	1	input device	a device that allows the user to use data such as text, photographs, and drawings into a computer.	a device (physical or virtual) that allows you to enter data (text, images, and sounds) and instructions (user responses and commands) into your computer.
3	1	input device	this device sends information to a computer (data comes in). examples include a digital camera, keyboard, or usb drive.	a device or component that allows information to be given to a computer such as a keyboard, mouse, other buttons, camera, microphone
3	1	input device	a device used to put information into a computer	a piece of computer equipment which enables you to put information into a computer.
3	1	input device	a device used to enter information into a computer (mouse)	devices used to enter information or instructions into the computer converts from human recognizable to machine recognizable
0	0	input device	a device used to enter information into a computer. (ex. keyboard, mouse, mic, flashdrive.)	device that projects images, gives sound, and basically gives out the info from the computer so the user can obtain it (ex: monitor, printer, projector, speakers)
2	1	input device	a hardware or peripheral device used to send data to a computer. allows users to communicate and feed instructions and data to computers for processing, display, storage and/or transmission.	any peripheral used primarily to enter data into a computer
3	1	input device	any device that sends information into your computer system. i.e. : keyboard, scanner, mouse, trackball	any device that provides &"input&" to a computer. such devices include keyboard, mouse, web cameras, etc.
3	1	input device	data entered into the computer through a variety of devices such as a keyboard, microphone, scanner, flash drive, or mouse	any device that provides &"input&" to a computer. such devices include keyboard, mouse, web cameras, etc.
3	1	input device	any device, such as a keyboard, that sends data to a computer.	any device that provides &"input&" to a computer. such devices include keyboard, mouse, web cameras, etc.
1	0	false alarms	incorrectly reporting the presence of the signal when it did not occur  it was objectively new but you responded that it was old	-there is no signal but you say there was a signal -stimulus not present but you say yes it is it
0	0	false alarms	it wasn't there, but we thought it was	'yes' response when a stimulus is not present
2	1	false alarms	incorrectly reporting the presence of the signal when it did not occur  it was objectively new but you responded that it was old	'yes' response when a stimulus is not present
1	0	false alarms	'yes' response when a stimulus is not present	-there is no signal but you say there was a signal -stimulus not present but you say yes it is it
0	0	query languages	enable user or another application program to query the database, in order to retrieve information	software tools that provide immediate online answers to requests for information that are not predefined
1	0	query languages	easy-to-use language and understandable to most users. it is used to search and generate reports from a database. an example is the language used on an airline reservation system.	used to ask the computer questions in english-like sentences (aka database languages)
1	0	query languages	easy-to-use language and understandable to most users. it is used to search and generate reports from a database. an example is the language used on an airline reservation system.	a type of programming language that is specialized to ask questions and are designed to retrieve data from databases. most common is strutted query language (sql)
2	1	query languages	enable user or another application program to query the database, in order to retrieve information	enable non programmers to use certain easily understood commands to search and generate reports from a database
0	0	transaction processing	substitutes processing for record keeping procedures people previously did by hand.	information encompasses all the information contained within a single business process or unit of work, primary purpose is to support the performance of daily operational or structured decisions.
3	1	transaction processing	the process that begins with capturing transaction data and ends with informational output, such as the financial statements	process of capturing transaction data, processing it, storing it for later use, and producing information output, such as a managerial report or a financial statement.
2	1	transaction processing	transaction processing systems are designed to process user requests for information from a database, or requests to update a database	data centered apps that process user requests and update information in the system
0	0	transaction processing	computations used for review, documentation, decisions, relocation, payroll, costs.	ex: documenting decisions and actions associated with employee relocation, training expenses, and enrollments in courses and benefit plans
3	1	transaction processing	process of capturing transaction data, processing it, storing it for later use, and producing information output, such as a managerial report or a financial statement.	process of capturing transaction data, processing it, storing it for later use and producing info output
3	1	transaction processing	processes that occur as part of completing a sale; these include calculation of any discounts, taxes, or shipping costs and transmission of payment data (such as a credit card number)	processes that occur as a past of completing a sale; these include calculation of any discounts, taxes or shipping costs and transmission of payment data
1	0	transaction processing	&"information processing that is divided into individual, indivisible operations, called transactions. each transaction must succeed or fail as a complete unit, it can never be only partially complete.&"	is a series of actions to be taken on the database such that they must be entirely completed or aborted
1	0	statistical methods	1)descriptive statistics   2)inferential statistics	(also known as model-based methods) assume that the normal data follow some statistical mode
0	0	statistical methods	allow the examiner to design an efficient sample and objectively evaluate sample results   hold up better in court  disadvantage: require expertise, cost, and time	(also known as model-based methods) assume that the normal data follow some statistical mode
0	0	statistical methods	1. trend extrapolation 2. linear trend extrapolation 3 sales forecasting techniques: trend extrapolation and linear trend extrapolation method that is data driven; not tied to any theory	1) statistical process control 2) designed experiments(dox) 3) acceptance smapling
1	0	statistical methods	1) statistical process control 2) designed experiments(dox) 3) acceptance smapling	(also known as model-based methods) assume that the normal data follow some statistical mode
0	0	statistical methods	1. trend extrapolation 2. linear trend extrapolation 3 sales forecasting techniques: trend extrapolation and linear trend extrapolation method that is data driven; not tied to any theory	(also known as model-based methods) assume that the normal data follow some statistical mode
0	0	statistical methods	1) statistical process control 2) designed experiments(dox) 3) acceptance smapling	allow the examiner to design an efficient sample and objectively evaluate sample results   hold up better in court  disadvantage: require expertise, cost, and time
0	0	statistical methods	1)descriptive statistics   2)inferential statistics	1) statistical process control 2) designed experiments(dox) 3) acceptance smapling
0	0	statistical methods	1. trend extrapolation 2. linear trend extrapolation 3 sales forecasting techniques: trend extrapolation and linear trend extrapolation method that is data driven; not tied to any theory	1)descriptive statistics   2)inferential statistics
3	1	machine translation	translation that takes place many times faster than that provided by a human, provided with a few more mistakes.	translation by way of sophisticated software capable of reaching speeds much faster than a human could produce
1	0	machine translation	language translation that is done by software; such translation can reach speeds of 400,000 words per hour	translation that takes place many times faster than that provided by a human, provided with a few more mistakes.
0	0	machine translation	the automatic translation of one human language to another.	the holy grail of nlp applications, this was the first major area of research and engineering in the field.
0	0	systems development	the process of transforming a business' problems into it-enabled solutions.	the process of creating and maintaining information systems  involves all 5 components of is model (hardware, software, data, procedures and people)
0	0	systems development	the process of transforming a business' problems into it-enabled solutions.	typically starts with a systems request
2	1	systems development	creating or modifying existing business systems	the activity of creating or modifying information systems
1	0	systems development	the process of creating and maintaining information systems  involves all 5 components of is model (hardware, software, data, procedures and people)	typically starts with a systems request
1	0	systems development	the process of creating and maintaining information systems; also called systems analysis and design	typically starts with a systems request
1	0	physical constraints	- constraints that physically prevent things from being done incorrectly.  - ex: usb type c is reversible, fewer physical constraints	refer to the way physical objects restrict the movement of things.
2	1	physical constraints	closely related to real affordances: thus, it is not possible to move the cursor outside the screen: this is a physical constraint.	refer to the way physical objects restrict the movement of things.
1	0	physical constraints	- constraints that physically prevent things from being done incorrectly.  - ex: usb type c is reversible, fewer physical constraints	closely related to real affordances: thus, it is not possible to move the cursor outside the screen: this is a physical constraint.
1	0	noisy data	random component of measurement error difficult to eliminate robust algorithm	random component of a measurement error; elimination is frequently difficult; algorithm is robust if it can produce acceptable results even when it is present
2	1	noisy data	noise is the random component of a measurement error.	noise is a random error or variance in a measured variable
0	0	decision process	structured and unstructured	problem recognition-&gt; information search-&gt; evaluation of alternatives-&gt; choice
1	0	search strategies	use memory to make links based on past experience that are relevant to problem	rely on directed retrieval of information from memory. association exploits the mind's ability to move from one idea to another. analogy employs similarity-driven searches of memory.
0	0	search strategies	top down for experienced researchers who know their specific topic well  bottom up for new researchers who are largely unfamiliar with their topic	typically require health education specialists to: identify key search terms search sources identify a period of time to conduct the search characteristics of the priority population health conditions of interest.
0	0	search strategies	actions that involve using memory to retrieve information to make links or connections based on past experience that are relevant to the current problem using stimuli.	rely on directed retrieval of information from memory. association exploits the mind's ability to move from one idea to another. analogy employs similarity-driven searches of memory.
1	0	competitive analysis	price of comp, substitute or similar product, buying habits	list the features, strengths, weaknesses, user base,, and price point for your competitors.
1	0	competitive analysis	identify strengths and weaknesses of you competitors' use of social media	a process for monitoring the competition that involves identifying competition, anticipating their moves, and determining their strengths and weaknesses.
1	0	competitive analysis	identify strengths and weaknesses of you competitors' use of social media	identifying and examining the characteristics of a competing firm
1	0	competitive analysis	the gathering and interpretation of competitive information in order to establish marketing strategies	identifying and examining the characteristics of a competing firm
1	0	competitive analysis	a process for monitoring the competition that involves identifying competition, anticipating their moves, and determining their strengths and weaknesses.	the gathering and interpretation of competitive information in order to establish marketing strategies
2	1	code generation	the abstract syntax tree is actually converted into machine code.	during ....... the abstract code tree is converted to object code. object code is machine code before the final step
2	1	code generation	syntax tree created in previous stage is converted into object code almost machine code the only difference is that it hasn't had the linker run against it	during ....... the abstract code tree is converted to object code. object code is machine code before the final step
2	1	code generation	translating a program to a linear (non-nested) structure, to a string of low-level instructions or &"byte codes&" of a bl virtual machine	the phase of a compiler in which executable output code is generated from intermediate code.
2	1	design methodology	-systematic approach to creating a design by applying a set of techniques and guidelines -systematically refine architecture until produce low level design	provides structure to solve a problem with a systematic process
1	0	design methodology	the new way of working; a framework for applying engineering practices with the specific aim of providing the necessary means for designing and developing products and subsystems in teams	systematic approach to creating a design by applying a set of techniques and guidelines
1	0	design methodology	-systematic approach to creating a design by applying a set of techniques and guidelines -systematically refine architecture until produce low level design	the new way of working; a framework for applying engineering practices with the specific aim of providing the necessary means for designing and developing products and subsystems in teams
0	0	design methodology	a structured approach that uses procedures, techniques, tools and documentation aids to support and facilitate the process of design.	provides structure to solve a problem with a systematic process
1	0	design methodology	provides structure to solve a problem with a systematic process	the new way of working; a framework for applying engineering practices with the specific aim of providing the necessary means for designing and developing products and subsystems in teams
3	1	design methodology	a structured approach that uses procedures, techniques, tools and documentation aids to support and facilitate the process of design.	systematic approach to creating a design by applying a set of techniques and guidelines
1	0	design methodology	provides structure to solve a problem with a systematic process	systematic approach to creating a design by applying a set of techniques and guidelines
1	0	design methodology	a structured approach that uses procedures, techniques, tools and documentation aids to support and facilitate the process of design.	the new way of working; a framework for applying engineering practices with the specific aim of providing the necessary means for designing and developing products and subsystems in teams
0	0	online analytical processing	a set of tools that work together to provide an advanced data analysis environment for retrieving, processing, and modeling data from the data warehouse	decision support system (dss) tools that use multidimensional data analysis techniques.
1	0	online analytical processing	advanced data analysis environment that supports decision making, business modeling and operations research -multidimensional data analysis techniques  -advanced database support -easy-to-use end-user interfaces -fast/flexible/shared access to analytical info	enable retrieving, processing, and modeling data from the data warehouse
0	0	online analytical processing	supports strategic queries, enables complex aggregates involving multiple sources of data involving historical processing of information.	generates business intelligence  uses multiple sources of information and provides multidimensional analysis
1	0	online analytical processing	supports strategic queries, enables complex aggregates involving multiple sources of data involving historical processing of information.	generates business intelligence. it uses multiple sources of information and provides multidimensional analysis, such as viewing data based on time, product, and location.
1	0	online analytical processing	decision support system (dss) tools that use multidimensional data analysis techniques.	enable retrieving, processing, and modeling data from the data warehouse
1	0	online analytical processing	perform multi-dimensional data analysis for business intelligence  analyze data interactively from multiple perspectives	a technology that uses multidimensional structures to provide rapid access to data for analysis. the source data for olap is commonly stored in data warehouses in a relational database.
0	0	online analytical processing	software that allows users to drill down into massive amounts of data stored in data warehouses to reveal significant patterns and trends	interactive analysis of data, allowing data to be summarized and viewed in different ways in an online fashion
0	0	online analytical processing	advanced data analysis environment that supports decision making, business modeling and operations research -multidimensional data analysis techniques  -advanced database support -easy-to-use end-user interfaces -fast/flexible/shared access to analytical info	decision support system (dss) tools that use multidimensional data analysis techniques.
0	0	online analytical processing	a data access architecture that allows the user to retrieve specific information from a large volume of data.	enables examination/manipulation of large amounts of detailed and consolidated data from many perspectives
0	0	computer science	a way of creating projects and solving problems with computers	the study of the ideas, ways of thinking, languages, software, and hardware needed to solve problems with computers.
1	0	computer science	the science of creating artifacts and solving problems using the help of a computer. some of the areas of focus include software engineering, programming, data analysis, algorithms, graphics, and animation.	creating artifacts and solving problems using a computer.
1	0	computer science	the art of blending human ideas and digital tools to increase problem solving power	the study of computational thinking, the thinking humans need to in order to describe a step by step process to a computer
0	0	computer science	- understanding and design of computers and computational processes  - concerned with understanding of information transfer and transformation - making processes efficient	the study of implementing, organizing, and applying computer software and hardware resources.
0	0	computer science	is the science of algorithms, including their discovery and analysis	the scientific and practical approach to computation and its applications
1	0	computer science	the study of algorithms, including their formal and mathematical properties, their hardware realizations, their linguistic realizations, and their applications	an academic field that studies the theoretical foundations of information and computation and their implementation and application in computer systems.
1	0	computer science	the study of designing software, solving problems such as computer security threats, or coming up with better ways of handling data storage.	creating artifacts and solving problems using a computer.
0	0	computer science	- understanding and design of computers and computational processes  - concerned with understanding of information transfer and transformation - making processes efficient	the study of computers and algorithmic processes, including their principles, their hardware and software designs, their implementation, and their impact on society
0	0	computer science	focus on computer architecture and how to program computers to make them work effectively and efficiently	a career field that focuses on developing fast and efficient computers from their construction to their programming and operating systems
3	1	network protocols	a protocol is a set of rules that govern the communication between computer on a network.	a standard set of rules that determines how systems will communicate across networks.
2	1	network protocols	a network protocol defines rules and conventions for communication between network devices.	rules followed in networked communication systems (http, ftp)
0	0	network protocols	a set of rules that govern the way computers communicate across a network.	a common set of rules and define how to interpret signals, identify individual computers, initiate and end networked communication and manage information exchange across network medium.
2	1	network protocols	refers to the set of rules or standards designed to enable computers connect with one another and to exchange the information with as little errors	a set of rules that govern the way computers communicate across a network.
3	1	network protocols	standard communication between devices. they speak common language so can understand each other. there are many different types	standards that govern the communications between devices on a network. the devices speak a &"common language&"
2	1	network protocols	a protocol is a set of rules that govern the communication between computer on a network.	a sets of rules for communicating across a network.
1	0	data structure	a representation of data and the operations allowed on that data, permitting component reuse.	a way of organizing data and its related procedures and functions.
0	0	data structure	a collection of data elements with operations that store and manipulate individual elements	defines a collection of related variables that can be processed either individually or as a whole
1	0	data structure	a specific arrangement of data attributes that defines an instance of a data flow.	a collection of data elements with operations that store and manipulate individual elements
1	0	data structure	a meaningful combination of related data elements that is included in a data flow or retained in a data store. a framework for organizing and storing data.	a collection of data elements with operations that store and manipulate individual elements
2	1	data structure	the particular way of organising and storing data for it to be accessed and modified efficiently. balance between detail, storage and preserving relationships	a particular way of organizing and storing data in a computer so that it can be accessed and modified efficiently.
0	0	data structure	an abstract template that organizes data in such a way that helps simplify sorting, searching, computing, and other operations.	the collection of programming constructs used to implement a collection. for example, a collection might be implemented using a fixed-size structure such as an array
2	1	data structure	a particular arrangement of units of data such as an array or a tree	a data structure is way of organizing data, commonly used to implement an abstract data type (adt), and often involving arrays or pointers.
1	0	data structure	particular way of storing and organizing data in a computer.	a way of organizing data that is stored in a computer or database. each type of data structure represents a different way of organizing the data.
0	0	data structure	a particular arrangement of units of data such as an array or a tree	a collection of data values, the relationships among them, and the functions or operations that can be applied to the data
1	0	data structure	a meaningful combination of related data elements that is included in a data flow or retained in a data store. a framework for organizing and storing data.	a collection of data values, the relationships among them, and the functions or operations that can be applied to the data
2	1	data structure	the collection of programming constructs used to implement a collection. for example, a collection might be implemented using a fixed-size structure such as an array	a mechanism for grouping and organizing data to make it easier to use
3	1	data structure	data are organized in two-dimensional tables (also called relations) with columns and rows	data sets that can be thought of as tables, rows, columns
3	1	data structure	a collection of data that is referred to by one name such as arrays and array lists	the collection of different data elements (e.g- an array of strings) which are stored together in a clear, structured form
1	0	data structure	organization method to manage multiple data points	a way to store and organize data in order to facilitate access and modifications
1	0	data structure	an abstract template that organizes data in such a way that helps simplify sorting, searching, computing, and other operations.	a way of representing and storing information. choice of data structure affects which operation can be efficiently performed
1	0	data structure	the way the data within an it system is organised and related.	a related group of primitive data elements organized for some type of common processing; it's defined and manipulated in software because that cpu cant manipulate data structures
1	0	data structure	the implementation of a composite data field in an abstract data type	describes the definition of a type of data, like an integer or string and a group of various pre-defined data types.
2	1	data structure	(1) an organization of objects that allows certain operations to be performed efficiently; (2) the programming constructs used to implement a collection.	is a systematic way to organize data in order to use it efficiently. following terms are the foundation terms of a data structure.
2	1	data structure	the implementation of a composite data field in an abstract data type	implementation  of an abstract data type. a collection of elementary data types such as  integer ,  real ,  boolean  etc.
1	0	data structure	a meaningful combination of related data elements that is included in a data flow or retained in a data store. a framework for organizing and storing data.	a collection of data values, the relationships among them, and the functions or operations that can be applied to the data.
1	0	data structure	a data structure is way of organizing data, commonly used to implement an abstract data type (adt), and often involving arrays or pointers.	a collection of data values, the relationships among them, and the functions or operations that can be applied to the data
0	0	data structure	a meaningful combination of related data elements that is included in a data flow or retained in a data store. a framework for organizing and storing data.	defines a collection of related variables that can be processed either individually or as a whole
1	0	data structure	logical or mathematical model of a particular organization of data. a space (container) in which data is stored in a particular layout	an organization of computer memory having a logical relationship that is common to all parts of the computer memory used to create it.
1	0	data structure	particular way of storing and organizing data in a computer.	how to organize data (data are organized using relations).
2	1	data structure	a specific arrangement of data attributes that defines an instance of a data flow.	a meaningful combination of related data elements that is included in a data flow or retained in a data store. a framework for organizing and storing data.
1	0	data structure	a specific arrangement of data attributes that defines an instance of a data flow.	describes how data is organized and the relationship among records such that it is all a single entity
0	0	data structure	a specific arrangement of data attributes that defines an instance of a data flow.	a collection of data values, the relationships among them, and the functions or operations that can be applied to the data
0	0	data structure	java construct for storing a data field	combining data fields and methods in a class
1	0	data structure	an abstract template that organizes data in such a way that helps simplify sorting, searching, computing, and other operations.	a mechanism for grouping and organizing data to make it easier to use
0	0	data structure	the implementation of a composite data field in an abstract data type. data structures are built open the 8(+) basic data types.	a format for storing large volumes of related data
0	0	data structure	how to organize data (data are organized using relations).	a way of organizing data that is stored in a computer or database. each type of data structure represents a different way of organizing the data.
1	0	data structure	a way of representing and storing information. choice of data structure affects which operation can be efficiently performed	a mechanism for grouping and organizing data to make it easier to use
2	1	data structure	defines a collection of related variables that can be processed either individually or as a whole	a collection of data values, the relationships among them, and the functions or operations that can be applied to the data
1	0	data structure	a data structure is way of organizing data, commonly used to implement an abstract data type (adt), and often involving arrays or pointers.	defines a collection of related variables that can be processed either individually or as a whole
2	1	data structure	tables (relations), rows, columns.	data that is organized to look like a table with rows and columns.
1	0	data structure	a particular arrangement of units of data such as an array or a tree	a specific arrangement of data attributes that defines an instance of a data flow.
2	1	data structure	a particular arrangement of units of data such as an array or a tree	a meaningful combination of related data elements that is included in a data flow or retained in a data store. a framework for organizing and storing data.
1	0	data structure	data that is organized to look like a table with rows and columns.	relations (tables) with rows and columns; what the entity becomes
0	0	data structure	a particular arrangement of units of data such as an array or a tree	defines a collection of related variables that can be processed either individually or as a whole
1	0	data structure	a particular arrangement of units of data such as an array or a tree	a collection of data elements with operations that store and manipulate individual elements
1	0	data structure	a collection of data elements with operations that store and manipulate individual elements	a data structure is way of organizing data, commonly used to implement an abstract data type (adt), and often involving arrays or pointers.
1	0	data structure	any method used to store data in an organized and accessible format.	the implementation of a composite data field in an abstract data type. data structures are built open the 8(+) basic data types.
2	1	data structure	implementation  of an abstract data type. a collection of elementary data types such as  integer ,  real ,  boolean  etc.	describes the definition of a type of data, like an integer or string and a group of various pre-defined data types.
1	0	data structure	the collection of programming constructs used to implement a collection. for example, a collection might be implemented using a fixed-size structure such as an array	a way of representing and storing information. choice of data structure affects which operation can be efficiently performed
1	0	data structure	basically the structure is the sum of rules concerning different forms of data and their associations to each other	describes how data is organized and the relationship among records
2	1	data structure	a particular arrangement of units of data such as an array or a tree	describes how data is organized and the relationship among records such that it is all a single entity
0	0	data structure	a meaningful combination of related data elements that is included in a data flow or retained in a data store. a framework for organizing and storing data.	- specific arrangements of data attributes that define a single instance of a data flow.
2	1	data structure	a collection of data elements with operations that store and manipulate individual elements	- specific arrangements of data attributes that define a single instance of a data flow.
0	0	data structure	a specific arrangement of data attributes that defines an instance of a data flow.	defines a collection of related variables that can be processed either individually or as a whole
1	0	data structure	a meaningful combination of related data elements that is included in a data flow or retained in a data store. a framework for organizing and storing data.	a data structure is way of organizing data, commonly used to implement an abstract data type (adt), and often involving arrays or pointers.
2	1	data structure	is a systematic way to organize data in order to use it efficiently. following terms are the foundation terms of a data structure.	a way of representing and storing information. choice of data structure affects which operation can be efficiently performed
2	1	data structure	data are organized in 2d tables (called relations) with rows and columns -relation: a named, 2d table of data -notation: table name (column names)	data sets that can be thought of as tables, rows, columns
1	0	data structure	a common format for storing large volumes of related data, which is an implementation of an abstract data type.	the implementation of a composite data field in an abstract data type. data structures are built open the 8(+) basic data types.
1	0	data structure	the collection of programming constructs used to implement a collection. for example, a collection might be implemented using a fixed-size structure such as an array	is a systematic way to organize data in order to use it efficiently. following terms are the foundation terms of a data structure.
2	1	data structure	any method used to store data in an organized and accessible format.	a format for storing large volumes of related data
0	0	data structure	describes how data is organized and the relationship among records such that it is all a single entity	defines a collection of related variables that can be processed either individually or as a whole
1	0	data structure	the way the data within an it system is organised and related.	related group of primitive data elements organized for some type of common processing
1	0	data structure	an abstract template that organizes data in such a way that helps simplify sorting, searching, computing, and other operations.	(1) an organization of objects that allows certain operations to be performed efficiently; (2) the programming constructs used to implement a collection.
2	1	data structure	a data structure is a specialized format for organizing and storing data.	specialized format for storing and organizing data
1	0	data structure	describes how data is organized and the relationship among records such that it is all a single entity	a collection of data values, the relationships among them, and the functions or operations that can be applied to the data
1	0	data structure	a specific arrangement of data attributes that defines an instance of a data flow.	a data structure is way of organizing data, commonly used to implement an abstract data type (adt), and often involving arrays or pointers.
2	1	data structure	a meaningful combination of related data elements that is included in a data flow or retained in a data store. a framework for organizing and storing data.	describes how data is organized and the relationship among records such that it is all a single entity
3	1	data structure	a way to organize, store, and retrieve information in a program	refers to the way data is organized for use within a program.
2	1	data structure	(1) an organization of objects that allows certain operations to be performed efficiently; (2) the programming constructs used to implement a collection.	a way of representing and storing information. choice of data structure affects which operation can be efficiently performed
0	0	data warehouse	integrated decision support system derived from various operational databases	a subject-oriented, integrated, time-variant, nonupdateable collection of data used in support of management decision-making processes. an integrate decision support database whose content is derived from the various operational databases.
1	0	data warehouse	is a relational database management system designed to specifically support management decision making	a centralized relational database management system that has been designed specifically to meet the needs of data mining
0	0	data warehouse	a collection of data repositories of a particular subject or department (data marts) to support complex decision making applications.	integrated collection of data that can include seemingly unrelated information
1	0	data warehouse	a collection of data repositories of a particular subject or department (data marts) to support complex decision making applications.	integrated collection of data that can include seemingly unrelated information, no matter where it is stored in the company
1	0	data warehouse	a database, with reporting and query tools, that stores current and historical data extracted from various operational systems and consolidated for management reporting and analysis	store data from various source systems and databases across an enterprise in order to run analytical queries against huge datasets collected over long time periods.
3	1	data warehouse	repository for storing data from several different databases so that it can be combined and manipulated to provide answers to complex analytic questions	a large relational database that combines pertinent data in an aggregate, summarized form suitable for enterprise wide data analysis, reporting, and management decision making
1	0	data warehouse	an enterprise-wide structured repository of subject-oriented, time-variant, historical data used for information retrieval and decision support. stores atomic and summary data.	a separate data store that whose primary purpose is data analysis  a structured repository of integrated, subject-oriented, enterprise-wide, historical, time variant data.  stores detailed or summarized data.
3	1	data warehouse	a logical collection of information, gathered from many different operational databases, that supports business analysis activities and decision making tasks.	a logical collection of information gathered from many different operational databases used to create business intelligence that supports business analysis activities and decision making tasks
2	1	data warehouse	collection of information (from many places) that supports business analysis activities and decision making	collection of data that provides support for decision making
1	0	data warehouse	the collection of data eradicated from various operational systems, transformed to make the data consistent for analysis	a set of databases designed to support decision making in an organization.  usually aggregate enormous amounts of data from many different operational systems for analysis
2	1	data warehouse	a facility for managing an organization's bi data. -obtain data from operational, internal and external databases. -cleanse data -organize and relate data -catalog data using metadata	a facility for managing an organization's bi data; functions include: obtain data, cleanse data, organize and relate data, catalog data  includes data from outside source
3	1	data warehouse	-a facility for storing, managing, and organizations data from a. variety of sources  -obtain data from sources -cleanse data -organize and relate data -catalog data	a facility for managing an organization's bi data. -obtain data from operational, internal and external databases. -cleanse data -organize and relate data -catalog data using metadata
3	1	data warehouse	a structured repository of integrated, subject-oriented, enterprise-wide, historical, and time-variant data. its purpose is the retrieval of analytical information. it can store detailed and/or summarized data	structured repository of integrated, subject-oriented, enterprise-wide, historical, and time-variant data. can store detailed and/or summarized data
2	1	data warehouse	an integrated, subject oriented, time-variant, nonvolatile collection of data that provides support for decision making.	a subject oriented, integrated nonvolatile, and time variant collection of data in support of management's decisions.
0	0	data warehouse	a database in which data from several different oltp systems has been combined and prepared to be used for analytics purposes. see &"data warehousing&".	place of storing data, data structure is processed, know what it is used for, less technical and used by business professionals, more difficult to access
0	0	data warehouse	that integrate from data from databases across entire enterprise are called enterprise data warehouses (ede)	stores current and historical data from many core operational transaction systems -standardizes info for use across enterprise, but data cannot be altered
3	1	data warehouse	a logical collection of information, gathered from may different operational databases, that supports business analysis activities and decision-making tasks.	a logical collection of information- gathered from many databases- that supports business analysis activities and decision-making tasks
1	0	data warehouse	an aggregation of databases collected from different source periodically. typically standardized. compiled into one place where users can utilize it.	the collection of data eradicated from various operational systems, transformed to make the data consistent for analysis
2	1	data warehouse	a subject-oriented, integrated, time-variant, nonupdateable collection of data used in support of management decision-making processes. an integrate decision support database whose content is derived from the various operational databases.	a decision support database that is maintained separately from the organization's operational database.  designed to extract insight and intelligence.
0	0	data warehouse	a database, with reporting and query tools, that stores current and historical data extracted from various operational systems and consolidated for management reporting and analysis	stores current and historical data from many core operational transaction systems -standardizes info for use across enterprise, but data cannot be altered
3	1	data warehouse	a logical collection of information - gathered from many different operational databases - that supports business analysis activities and decision-making tasks	a single repository of information from many different operational databases to support business analysis activities and decision-making tasks
2	1	data warehouse	-a facility for storing, managing, and organizations data from a. variety of sources  -obtain data from sources -cleanse data -organize and relate data -catalog data	a facility for managing an organization's bi data; functions include: obtain data, cleanse data, organize and relate data, catalog data  includes data from outside source
0	0	data warehouse	that integrate from data from databases across entire enterprise are called enterprise data warehouses (ede)	a database, with reporting and query tools, that stores current and historical data extracted from various operational systems and consolidated for management reporting and analysis
0	0	data warehouse	a logical collection of information gathered from many different operational databases used to create business intelligence that supports business analysis activities and decision making tasks	collection of data that provides support for decision making
1	0	data warehouse	-holds multiple subject areas -holds very detailed information -works to integrate all data sources -does not necessarily use a dimensional model but feeds dimensional models.	a large separate combined copy of different databases used by an organisation. it includes historical data, which is used to analyse the activities of the organisation.
1	0	data warehouse	collects data and store it from various core transaction systems throughout the the organization and provides analyses and reporting tools	that integrate from data from databases across entire enterprise are called enterprise data warehouses (ede)
2	1	data warehouse	a logical collection of information, gathered from many different operational databases, that supports business analysis activities and decision making tasks.	collection of information (from many places) that supports business analysis activities and decision making
2	1	data warehouse	one or more very large databases containing both detailed and summarized data for a number of years that is used for analysis, rather than transaction processing	contains both detailed and summarized data for a number of years and is used for analysis rather than in real time
1	0	data warehouse	a warehouse is a subject-oriented, integrated, time-variant and non-volatile collection of data in support of management's decision making process (as defined by bill inmon	a subject oriented, integrated nonvolatile, and time variant collection of data in support of management's decisions.
3	1	data warehouse	a facility for managing an organization's bi data; functions include: obtain data, cleanse data, organize and relate data, catalog data  includes data from outside source	a facility for managing an organization's bi data (current and previous). the functions are to: -obtain data -cleanse data -organize and relate data -catalog data
3	1	data warehouse	a logical collection of information - gathered from many different operational databases - that supports business analysis activities and decision-making tasks	logical collection of information- gathered from many different operational databases- used to create business intelligence that supports business analysis activities and decision-making tasks
3	1	data warehouse	a logical collection of information gathered from many different operational databases (extract, transform, load) used to create business intelligence that supports business analysis activities and decision making tasks	a logical collection of information gathered from many different operational databases used to create business intelligence that supports business analysis activities and decision making tasks
2	1	data warehouse	a large separate combined copy of different databases used by an organisation. it includes historical data, which is used to analyse the activities of the organisation.	a large relational database that combines pertinent data in an aggregate, summarized form suitable for enterprise wide data analysis, reporting, and management decision making
0	0	data warehouse	separate from production database, included historical and summarized data, control risk: data isn't the same as production data; update periodically rather than in real time	contains both detailed and summarized data for a number of years and is used for analysis rather than in real time
0	0	data warehouse	a large store of data accumulated from a wide range of sources within a company and used to guide management decisions. has time variant data and non-volatile data	place of storing data, data structure is processed, know what it is used for, less technical and used by business professionals, more difficult to access
1	0	data warehouse	a logical collection of information gathered from many different operational databases used to create business intelligence that supports business analysis activities and decision making tasks	collection of information (from many places) that supports business analysis activities and decision making
3	1	data warehouse	-a facility for storing, managing, and organizations data from a. variety of sources  -obtain data from sources -cleanse data -organize and relate data -catalog data	a facility for managing an organization's bi data (current and previous). the functions are to: -obtain data -cleanse data -organize and relate data -catalog data
2	1	data warehouse	subject oriented, integrated, time variant, non update-able collection of data used in support of management decision making processes	an integrated and consistent store of subject-oriented data that is obtained from a variety of sources and formatted into a meaningful context to support decision-making in an organization
1	0	data warehouse	a logical collection of information - gathered from many different operational databases/systems, as well as external industry information - in a common location that uses a universal querying tool	logical collection of info, gathered from many different operational databases, that support business analysis activities and decision making trends  helps to standardize information
2	1	data warehouse	a specialized database that stores data in a format optimized for decision support; contains historical data obtained from the operational databases as well as data from external sources	stores historical and aggregated data in a format optimized for decision support
2	1	data warehouse	a logical collection of information - gathered from many different operational databases - that supports business analysis activities and decision-making tasks	a system used for reporting and data analysis, and is considered a core component of business intelligence; data is stored in one place.
3	1	data warehouse	logical collection of info, from many sources, helping with decision making tasks. -subject oriented -integrated -time variant -non-volatile	a collection of data created to support decision making; that is subject oriented, integrated, time variant, and nonvolatile
3	1	data warehouse	central repository of integrated data from multiple sources	central repository for summarized and integrated data from operational databases and external data sources.
3	1	data warehouse	a repository of historical data that are organized by subject to support decision makers in the organization -very expensive, used by large comps -distributor in supply chain	a repository of historical data that are organized by subject to support decision makers in the organization - expensive so used primarily by large companies
1	0	data warehouse	an aggregation of databases collected from different source periodically. typically standardized. compiled into one place where users can utilize it.	a large relational database that combines pertinent data in an aggregate, summarized form suitable for enterprise wide data analysis, reporting, and management decision making
1	0	data warehouse	collects data and store it from various core transaction systems throughout the the organization and provides analyses and reporting tools	huge database that stores and manages the data required to analyze historical and current transactions
0	0	data warehouse	a database in which data from several different oltp systems has been combined and prepared to be used for analytics purposes. see &"data warehousing&".	primary purpose: data analysis, separate storage of database so running queries does not interfere with normal transactions
2	1	data warehouse	a large store of data accumulated from a wide range of sources within a company and used to guide management decisions. has time variant data and non-volatile data	primary purpose: data analysis, separate storage of database so running queries does not interfere with normal transactions
3	1	data warehouse	a facility for managing an organization's bi data 1. obtain data 2. cleanse data 3. organize and relate data 4. catalog data	a facility for managing an organization's bi data. -obtain data from operational, internal and external databases. -cleanse data -organize and relate data -catalog data using metadata
0	0	data warehouse	-holds multiple subject areas -holds very detailed information -works to integrate all data sources -does not necessarily use a dimensional model but feeds dimensional models.	the collection of data eradicated from various operational systems, transformed to make the data consistent for analysis
2	1	data warehouse	collects data and store it from various core transaction systems throughout the the organization and provides analyses and reporting tools	store data from various source systems and databases across an enterprise in order to run analytical queries against huge datasets collected over long time periods.
1	0	data warehouse	collects data and store it from various core transaction systems throughout the the organization and provides analyses and reporting tools	a database, with reporting and query tools, that stores current and historical data extracted from various operational systems and consolidated for management reporting and analysis
1	0	data warehouse	subject oriented, integrated, time-variant, non-dateable collection of data used in support of management decision-making processes.  centralize data that are created and stored throughout disparate operational systems	an integrated decision support database whose content is derived from the various operational databases.(pg.30)
1	0	data warehouse	subject oriented, integrated, time-variant, non-dateable collection of data used in support of management decision-making processes.  centralize data that are created and stored throughout disparate operational systems	a decision support database that is maintained separately from the organization's operational database.  designed to extract insight and intelligence.
1	0	data warehouse	-holds multiple subject areas -holds very detailed information -works to integrate all data sources -does not necessarily use a dimensional model but feeds dimensional models.	a large relational database that combines pertinent data in an aggregate, summarized form suitable for enterprise wide data analysis, reporting, and management decision making
0	0	data warehouse	-holds multiple subject areas -holds very detailed information -works to integrate all data sources -does not necessarily use a dimensional model but feeds dimensional models.	an aggregation of databases collected from different source periodically. typically standardized. compiled into one place where users can utilize it.
1	0	data warehouse	an aggregation of databases collected from different source periodically. typically standardized. compiled into one place where users can utilize it.	contains data collected from a variety of sources data not used for routine business activities. often used for business intelligence (bi) purposes
0	0	data warehouse	that integrate from data from databases across entire enterprise are called enterprise data warehouses (ede)	huge database that stores and manages the data required to analyze historical and current transactions
2	1	data warehouse	a single repository of information from many different operational databases to support business analysis activities and decision-making tasks	logical collection of information gathered from many different databases that supports business analysis
2	1	data warehouse	subject oriented, integrated, time-variant, non-dateable collection of data used in support of management decision-making processes.  centralize data that are created and stored throughout disparate operational systems	a subject-oriented, integrated, time-variant, nonupdateable collection of data used in support of management decision-making processes. an integrate decision support database whose content is derived from the various operational databases.
0	0	data warehouse	a collection of data that includes all areas of an organization's operations; facilitates storage, maintenance, and analysis of large amounts of data	primary purpose: data analysis, separate storage of database so running queries does not interfere with normal transactions
1	0	data warehouse	-holds multiple subject areas -holds very detailed information -works to integrate all data sources -does not necessarily use a dimensional model but feeds dimensional models.	contains data collected from a variety of sources data not used for routine business activities. often used for business intelligence (bi) purposes
3	1	data warehouse	very large databases containing detailed and summarized data for a number of years that are used for analysis	contains both detailed and summarized data for a number of years and is used for analysis rather than in real time
1	0	data warehouse	stores historical data	a historical database designed for decision support.
1	0	data warehouse	repository for storing data from several different databases so that it can be combined and manipulated to provide answers to complex analytic questions	-holds multiple subject areas -holds very detailed information -works to integrate all data sources -does not necessarily use a dimensional model but feeds dimensional models.
1	0	data warehouse	a subject-oriented, integrated, time-variant, nonupdateable collection of data used in support of management decision-making processes	organized set of data used in support of management decision-making process
3	1	data warehouse	a facility for managing an organization's bi data 1. obtain data 2. cleanse data 3. organize and relate data 4. catalog data	a facility for managing an organization's bi data (current and previous). the functions are to: -obtain data -cleanse data -organize and relate data -catalog data
3	1	data warehouse	- an integrated, subject-oriented, time-variant, nonvolatile collection of data that provides support for decision making - a read-only database optimized for data analysis and query processing	a read-only database optimized for data analysis and query processing  an integrated, subject-oriented, time variant, nonvolatile collection of data that provides support for decision making
2	1	data warehouse	has the ability to pull data from different sources; they are designed to receive very large amounts of data and perform analytical processes on the data	the ability to pull data from different sources; they are designed to receive very lard amounts of data
0	0	data warehouse	a large collection of data that collects and combines data from many sources into views. usually used for heavy read-only requirements.	ultimately a database  great for reporting, everyone can go to one true source of data
1	0	data warehouse	a large store of data accumulated from a wide range of sources within a company and used to guide management decisions. has time variant data and non-volatile data	a database in which data from several different oltp systems has been combined and prepared to be used for analytics purposes. see &"data warehousing&".
2	1	data warehouse	a collection of business data from multiple systems used for data analysis and mining. also improves decision making	a facility that prepares, stores, and manages data specifically for reporting and data mining. also is a big set of data
0	0	data warehouse	repository for storing data from several different databases so that it can be combined and manipulated to provide answers to complex analytic questions	a set of databases designed to support decision making in an organization.  usually aggregate enormous amounts of data from many different operational systems for analysis
0	0	data warehouse	separate from production database, included historical and summarized data, control risk: data isn't the same as production data; update periodically rather than in real time	one or more very large databases containing both detailed and summarized data for a number of years that is used for analysis, rather than transaction processing
2	1	data warehouse	a logical collection of information - gathered from many different operational databases - that supports business analysis activities and decision-making tasks	&"pre-summarized; not pulling data&" -a logical collection of information gathered from many different operational databases
0	0	data warehouse	a large separate combined copy of different databases used by an organisation. it includes historical data, which is used to analyse the activities of the organisation.	contains data collected from a variety of sources data not used for routine business activities. often used for business intelligence (bi) purposes
1	0	data warehouse	separate from production database, included historical and summarized data, control risk: data isn't the same as production data; update periodically rather than in real time	very large databases containing detailed and summarized data for a number of years that are used for analysis
0	0	data warehouse	subject oriented, integrated, time variant, non update-able collection of data used in support of management decision making processes	pool of data (database) to support decision making  current and historical data of potential interest to managers  -subject oriented -consistent formatting -time-series -end users don't update (nonvolatile)
3	1	data warehouse	a data warehouse is a subject-oriented,integrated,time-variant and non-volatile collection of data in support of management's decision making process	integrated, subject-oriented, time-variant, nonvolatile collection of data providing support for decision making
3	1	data warehouse	this is a integrated, subject-oriented, time-variant, nonvolatile collection of data that provides support for decision making	an integrated, subject-oriented, time-variant, nonvolatile database that provides support for decision making.  ultimately still a database
0	0	data warehouse	a collection of data from a variety of sources used to support decision-making applications and generate business intelligence.	a type of database that integrates copies of transaction data from disparate source systems for analytical used
3	1	data warehouse	integrated decision support system derived from various operational databases	an integrated decision support database whose content is derived from the various operational databases.(pg.30)
1	0	data warehouse	contains data collected from a variety of sources data not used for routine business activities. often used for business intelligence (bi) purposes	a large relational database that combines pertinent data in an aggregate, summarized form suitable for enterprise wide data analysis, reporting, and management decision making
0	0	data warehouse	an aggregation of databases collected from different source periodically. typically standardized. compiled into one place where users can utilize it.	a set of databases designed to support decision making in an organization.  usually aggregate enormous amounts of data from many different operational systems for analysis
1	0	data warehouse	an integrated decision support database whose content is derived from the various operational databases.(pg.30)	a decision support database that is maintained separately from the organization's operational database.  designed to extract insight and intelligence.
2	1	data warehouse	-a facility for storing, managing, and organizations data from a. variety of sources  -obtain data from sources -cleanse data -organize and relate data -catalog data	a facility for managing an organization's bi data 1. obtain data 2. cleanse data 3. organize and relate data 4. catalog data
3	1	data warehouse	a logical collection of information, gathered from may different operational databases, that supports business analysis activities and decision-making tasks.	a logical collection of information—gathered from many different operational databases—that supports business analysis activities and decision-making tasks.
1	0	data warehouse	a database in which data from several different oltp systems has been combined and prepared to be used for analytics purposes. see &"data warehousing&".	a collection of data that includes all areas of an organization's operations; facilitates storage, maintenance, and analysis of large amounts of data
3	1	data warehouse	a database that holds business information from many sources in the enterprise, covering all aspects of the company's products, processes and customers	a large database that collects business information from many sources in the enterprise, covering all aspects of the company's processes, products, and customers, in support to management decision making.
3	1	data warehouse	a facility for managing an organization's bi data 1. obtain data 2. cleanse data 3. organize and relate data 4. catalog data	a facility for managing an organization's bi data; functions include: obtain data, cleanse data, organize and relate data, catalog data  includes data from outside source
3	1	data warehouse	logical collection of information- gathered from many different operational databases- used to create business intelligence that supports business analysis activities and decision-making tasks	a logical collection of information - gathered from many different operational databases - that supports business analysis activities and decision-making tasks -organizational focus
2	1	data warehouse	a logical collection of information - gathered from many different operational databases - that supports business analysis activities and decision-making tasks	logical collection of information gathered from many different databases that supports business analysis
3	1	data warehouse	a large database that collects business in the enterprise, covering all aspects of the company's processes, products, and customers, in support of management decision making	a large database that collects business information from many sources in the enterprise, covering all aspects of the company's processes, products, and customers, in support to management decision making.
1	0	data warehouse	a database, with reporting and query tools, that stores current and historical data extracted from various operational systems and consolidated for management reporting and analysis	huge database that stores and manages the data required to analyze historical and current transactions
2	1	data warehouse	- obtain data from operational, internal and external databases - cleanse data - organize and relate data - catalog data using metadata	the function of a data warehouse is obtain data, cleanse data, organize and relate data, and catalog data.
0	0	data warehouse	repository for storing data from several different databases so that it can be combined and manipulated to provide answers to complex analytic questions	the collection of data eradicated from various operational systems, transformed to make the data consistent for analysis
2	1	data warehouse	a data warehouse is a subject-oriented,integrated,time-variant and non-volatile collection of data in support of management's decision making process	an integrated, subject-oriented, time-variant, nonvolatile collection of data that provides support for decision making, according to bill inmon, the acknowledged father of the data warehouse.
2	1	data warehouse	repository for storing data from several different databases so that it can be combined and manipulated to provide answers to complex analytic questions	contains data collected from a variety of sources data not used for routine business activities. often used for business intelligence (bi) purposes
0	0	data warehouse	a database designed to support decision-making in an organization; structured to support a variety of analyses, including elaborate queries on large amounts of data that can require extensive searching	a logical collection of information.  primary purpose is to aggregate information throughout an organization into a single repository.
2	1	data warehouse	a single repository of information from many different operational databases to support business analysis activities and decision-making tasks	logical collection of information- gathered from many different operational databases- used to create business intelligence that supports business analysis activities and decision-making tasks
2	1	data warehouse	an integrated, subject-oriented, time-variant, nonvolatile collection of data in a specialized database that stores historical and aggregated data in a format that provides support for decision making.	a subject-oriented, integrated, time-variant, nonvolatile collection of data used in support management decision making.
1	0	data warehouse	a large separate combined copy of different databases used by an organisation. it includes historical data, which is used to analyse the activities of the organisation.	the collection of data eradicated from various operational systems, transformed to make the data consistent for analysis
3	1	data warehouse	a single database that makes it possible to access data that exists in multiple databases through one single query and reporting interface	database that makes it possible to access data from multiple databases and combine the results into a single query and reporting interface.
2	1	data warehouse	an integrated, subject-oriented, time-variant, nonvolatile collection of data in a specialized database that stores historical and aggregated data in a format that provides support for decision making.	a federated repository for all the data collected by an enterprises various operational systems. a specialized database that stores historical and aggregated data in a format optimized for decision support.
2	1	data warehouse	collection of data that can include semmingly unrelated informaiton. enterprise wide view to support managment analysis	integrated collection of data that can include seemingly unrelated info, no matter where it is stored in the company. provides an enterprise-wide view to support management analysis and decision making
1	0	data warehouse	place of storing data, data structure is processed, know what it is used for, less technical and used by business professionals, more difficult to access	primary purpose: data analysis, separate storage of database so running queries does not interfere with normal transactions
3	1	data warehouse	a logical collection of information—gathered from many different operational databases—that supports business analysis activities and decision-making tasks.	a logical collection of information- gathered from many databases- that supports business analysis activities and decision-making tasks
2	1	data warehouse	repository for storing data from several different databases so that it can be combined and manipulated to provide answers to complex analytic questions	an aggregation of databases collected from different source periodically. typically standardized. compiled into one place where users can utilize it.
1	0	data warehouse	-holds multiple subject areas -holds very detailed information -works to integrate all data sources -does not necessarily use a dimensional model but feeds dimensional models.	a set of databases designed to support decision making in an organization.  usually aggregate enormous amounts of data from many different operational systems for analysis
2	1	data warehouse	the collection of data eradicated from various operational systems, transformed to make the data consistent for analysis	a large relational database that combines pertinent data in an aggregate, summarized form suitable for enterprise wide data analysis, reporting, and management decision making
2	1	data warehouse	a logical collection of information, gathered from many different operational databases, that supports business analysis activities and decision making tasks.	a logical collection of information gathered from many different operational databases (extract, transform, load) used to create business intelligence that supports business analysis activities and decision making tasks
1	0	data warehouse	large database that is updated periodically from a range of source; a process of centralized data management and retrieval; a central repository of an organization's data	stores data from many different systems (like the repository) and includes historical and current information  designed to quickly analyze data  only updated periodically (unlike in real-time with repository)
0	0	data warehouse	a large database that collects business information from many sources in the enterprise	a type of computer based information system developed to provide an organization with business intelligence to support business analytics.
1	0	data warehouse	a large store of data accumulated from a wide range of sources within a company and used to guide management decisions. has time variant data and non-volatile data	a collection of data that includes all areas of an organization's operations; facilitates storage, maintenance, and analysis of large amounts of data
0	0	data warehouse	a collection of data that includes all areas of an organization's operations; facilitates storage, maintenance, and analysis of large amounts of data	place of storing data, data structure is processed, know what it is used for, less technical and used by business professionals, more difficult to access
2	1	data warehouse	contains data collected from a variety of sources data not used for routine business activities. often used for business intelligence (bi) purposes	the collection of data eradicated from various operational systems, transformed to make the data consistent for analysis
2	1	data warehouse	a logical collection of information gathered from many different operational databases (extract, transform, load) used to create business intelligence that supports business analysis activities and decision making tasks	collection of information (from many places) that supports business analysis activities and decision making
0	0	data warehouse	a specialized database that stores data in a format optimized for decision support; contains historical data obtained from the operational databases as well as data from external sources	1. one of two main components of analytical database 2. specialized database that stores historical and aggregated data in format optimized for decision support
2	1	data warehouse	an enterprise-wide structured repository of subject-oriented, time-variant, historical data used for information retrieval and decision support. stores atomic and summary data.	wide structured repository of subject-oriented, time variant, historical data used for info retrieval, stores summary data. (analyze spec. business area). integrated w each other
1	0	data warehouse	very large databases containing detailed and summarized data for a number of years that are used for analysis rather than transcation processing	large databases used for analysis rather than transaction processing
2	1	data warehouse	a specialized database that stores historical and aggregated data in a format optimized for decision making	1. one of two main components of analytical database 2. specialized database that stores historical and aggregated data in format optimized for decision support
2	1	data warehouse	stores old historical data, subject oriented for analysis, data never changes after it is stored so you can do historical analysis, designed for answering questions	database that stores large amounts of historical data in a form that readily supports analysis and management decision making
1	0	physical environment	consists of the natural environment and the built environment. serves as a source of sensory information. constraints or limits some behaviors. encourages/prescribes some behaviors.	both natural and man-made features of the physical space people occupy.
0	0	physical environment	-nonhuman aspects of contexts -accessibility to and performance within in environments having natural terrain, plants, animals	the physical structure and surroundings that affect a project's work.
1	0	physical environment	natural and built nonhuman surroundings and the objects in them	consists of the natural environment and the built environment. serves as a source of sensory information. constraints or limits some behaviors. encourages/prescribes some behaviors.
1	0	physical environment	the natural and physical factors of the human environment (soil, air, etc)	everything in and on earth's surface and its atmosphere within which organisms, communities, or objects exist is the environment in which they live.
1	0	physical environment	everything in and on earth's surface and its atmosphere within which organisms, communities, or objects exist is the environment in which they live.	both natural and man-made features of the physical space people occupy.
1	0	physical environment	both natural and man-made features of the physical space people occupy.	they could be barriers or facilitators  objects, terrain ,built environment, natural environment, weather
2	1	physical environment	natural &  built surroundings; geography	natural and constructed surroundings - weather and technology
2	1	physical environment	natural and built nonhuman surroundings and the objects in them	both natural and man-made features of the physical space people occupy.
0	0	physical environment	physical: non-human aspects; accessibility, terrain, plants, animals, buildings, furniture, objects, sensory	the physical structure and surroundings that affect a project's work.
1	0	physical environment	setting where human endeavors occurs person-created environment and natural environment	consists of the natural environment and the built environment. serves as a source of sensory information. constraints or limits some behaviors. encourages/prescribes some behaviors.
2	1	physical environment	setting where human endeavors occurs person-created environment and natural environment	both natural and man-made features of the physical space people occupy.
0	0	physical environment	consists of the natural environment and the built environment. serves as a source of sensory information. constraints or limits some behaviors. encourages/prescribes some behaviors.	they could be barriers or facilitators  objects, terrain ,built environment, natural environment, weather
0	0	physical environment	natural and built nonhuman surroundings and the objects in them	they could be barriers or facilitators  objects, terrain ,built environment, natural environment, weather
0	0	physical environment	home, work, and natural environment (outdoors)	natural and constructed surroundings - weather and technology
1	0	physical environment	the natural and physical factors of the human environment (soil, air, etc)	consists of the natural environment and the built environment. serves as a source of sensory information. constraints or limits some behaviors. encourages/prescribes some behaviors.
2	1	linear time	single for loop x increase in input casues x increase in processing reqt	informally, this means that the running time increases at most linearly with the size of the input.
0	0	linear time	for an algorithm, when the big-o work expression can be expressed in terms of a constant times n, where n is the size of the problem	the running time is proportional to the number of inputs provided.
0	0	linear time	time ordered like a straight line from the past through the present and into the future—is the most common way that humans think about time.	more characteristic of later, more complex societies some regard the jews as the first to have this sense of time strengthens creativity
0	0	experimental design	provides strong control over variables and allows you to find if variables are causally related. manipulation of defining independent variables*control over extraneous values	when done correctly (e.g., using random assignment) can reduce the influence of lurking and confounding variables
0	0	experimental design	most convincing evidence because you are measuring the effects of an intervention between two different groups.	pretest/posttest control group design, has the greatest internal validity
3	1	experimental design	a research method that establishes cause and effect relationships between the independent and dependent variables; manipulates the independent variable	a research method in which the experimenter controls and manipulates the independent variable, allowing the establishment of cause-and-effect relationships between the independent and dependent variables
0	0	experimental design	subjects are assigned to one or two or more condition groups through random assignment	-each number represents 1 iv -the specific # is determined by how many different categories there are within that categorical variable ex: 2x2=2 iv
0	0	experimental design	involves randomly assigning participants to conditions, while varying each condition and then measure the outcome in each condition  completely random	plan and structure to test hypotheses in which researcher either controls or manipulates 1 or more variables
1	0	experimental design	test in which the researcher has control over and manipulates one or more independent variables	when done correctly (e.g., using random assignment) can reduce the influence of lurking and confounding variables
0	0	experimental design	layout of plan(ning) of an experiment.	layout of study of a hypothesis and final outcome
0	0	experimental design	rigorous set of rules and protocols that scientists use to design experiments; meant to ensure that scientists are actually testing what they set out to test	other criteria such as temporality, strength, biological gradients, etc. can be easily achieved in [ observation or experimental design ]
0	0	experimental design	test in which the researcher has control over and manipulates one or more independent variables	the design of an experiment, refers to the method used to allocate treatments to individuals.
0	0	experimental design	involves randomly assigning participants to conditions, while varying each condition and then measure the outcome in each condition  completely random	can isolate the experimental variable and its impact over time can easily replicate studies artificiality of &"lab&" hard to get control groups
0	0	experimental design	subjects are assigned to one of two or more condition groups (and thereby have controlled exposure to the independent variable) through random assignment	-each number represents 1 iv -the specific # is determined by how many different categories there are within that categorical variable ex: 2x2=2 iv
1	0	experimental design	involves randomly assigning participants to conditions, while varying each condition and then measure the outcome in each condition  completely random	provides strong control over variables and allows you to find if variables are causally related. manipulation of defining independent variables*control over extraneous values
1	0	experimental design	a research method that establishes cause and effect relationships between the independent and dependent variables; manipulates the independent variable	refers to how the participants are allocated the 2 levels of the independent variable in an experiment
1	0	experimental design	plan and structure to test hypotheses in which researcher either controls or manipulates 1 or more variables	when done correctly (e.g., using random assignment) can reduce the influence of lurking and confounding variables
3	1	experimental design	refers to how and which participants are allocated to the different conditions in an experiment.	experimental design refers to how participants are allocated to the different conditions (or iv groups) in an experiment.
1	0	experimental design	test in which the researcher has control over and manipulates one or more independent variables	provides strong control over variables and allows you to find if variables are causally related. manipulation of defining independent variables*control over extraneous values
0	0	experimental design	determining casual relationships → prediction and control cause= conditions under which behavior occurs control= arranging the conditions responsible for producing some event. prediction= specifying occurrence based on past experiences	comparing two things keep everything as similar as possible except the independent variable
3	1	experimental design	repeated, systematic presentation and removal of an independent variable (iv) while measuring changes in the dependent variable (dv), and holding other factors constant	repeated, systematic presentation and removal of an iv while measuring changes in the dv and holding other factors constant
2	1	experimental design	the methodology used to experimentally test hypotheses	question, hypothesis, experimental set up, experimental tests and results, analysis and conclussion
3	1	experimental design	the researcher controls the treatment (independent variable) that is likely to have an impact on clinical outcome (dependent variable) and allows for the establishment of causation.	a research method in which the experimenter controls and manipulates the independent variable, allowing the establishment of cause-and-effect relationships between the independent and dependent variables
1	0	experimental design	the researcher controls the treatment (independent variable) that is likely to have an impact on clinical outcome (dependent variable) and allows for the establishment of causation.	refers to how the participants are allocated the 2 levels of the independent variable in an experiment
0	0	experimental design	the plan for a controlled experiment and gathering data	pretest/posttest control group design, has the greatest internal validity
1	0	experimental design	involves randomly assigning participants to conditions, while varying each condition and then measure the outcome in each condition  completely random	the design of an experiment, refers to the method used to allocate treatments to individuals.
1	0	experimental design	-must have control group -tests the effects of independent variable on a dependent variable	involves a manipulation of the dependent variable by the independent variable
1	0	experimental design	two or more groups of participants are randomly assigned to different levels of one or more independent variables	-each number represents 1 iv -the specific # is determined by how many different categories there are within that categorical variable ex: 2x2=2 iv
2	1	experimental design	the researcher controls the treatment (independent variable) that is likely to have an impact on clinical outcome (dependent variable) and allows for the establishment of causation.	a study design in which the independent variable is controlled or manipulated
1	0	experimental design	test in which the researcher has control over and manipulates one or more independent variables	can isolate the experimental variable and its impact over time can easily replicate studies artificiality of &"lab&" hard to get control groups
1	0	experimental design	takes place in a controlled environment (laboratory). to draw causal conclusions from an environment, researcher must be able to control certain aspects of the environment.	pretest/posttest control group design, has the greatest internal validity
0	0	experimental design	how a scientist tests a hypothesis must be carefully considered before data collection begins	the organization of the experiment/ research project to obtain the best data.
1	0	experimental design	rigorous set of rules and protocols that scientists use to design experiments; meant to ensure that scientists are actually testing what they set out to test	the plan for a controlled experiment and gathering data
0	0	experimental design	can isolate the experimental variable and its impact over time can easily replicate studies artificiality of &"lab&" hard to get control groups	provides strong control over variables and allows you to find if variables are causally related. manipulation of defining independent variables*control over extraneous values
0	0	experimental design	test in which the researcher has control over and manipulates one or more independent variables	study cause and effect by taking samples of a population, divide into experimental and control group randomly. uses an independent variable to test and then measured using a dependent variable.
1	0	experimental design	two or more groups of participants are randomly assigned to different levels of one or more independent variables	systematic design in which subjects are assigned to condition groups through random assignment
1	0	experimental design	an efficient procedure for planning so that data obtained can be analyzed to yield valid and objective conclusions	a &"blueprint&" of the procedure that enables the researcher to test a hypothesis by researching valid conclusions about relationships between independent &  dependent variables
0	0	experimental design	the design of an experiment, refers to the method used to allocate treatments to individuals.	when done correctly (e.g., using random assignment) can reduce the influence of lurking and confounding variables
0	0	experimental design	pretest/posttest control group design, has the greatest internal validity	other criteria such as temporality, strength, biological gradients, etc. can be easily achieved in [ observation or experimental design ]
0	0	experimental design	takes place in a controlled environment (laboratory). to draw causal conclusions from an environment, researcher must be able to control certain aspects of the environment.	the plan for a controlled experiment and gathering data
0	0	experimental design	utilizes blinding to enhance validity; a research method in which investigator or subject aren't aware of manipulated variable of study	in an experiment the researcher must decide how his participants are grouped. this is called an...
1	0	experimental design	can isolate the experimental variable and its impact over time can easily replicate studies artificiality of &"lab&" hard to get control groups	plan and structure to test hypotheses in which researcher either controls or manipulates 1 or more variables
0	0	experimental design	research approach with manipulated variables and random assignment	in mixed methods research, it is to encase a basic mixed methods design within an experiment.
0	0	experimental design	most convincing evidence because you are measuring the effects of an intervention between two different groups.	the plan for a controlled experiment and gathering data
0	0	experimental design	the plan for a controlled experiment and gathering data	other criteria such as temporality, strength, biological gradients, etc. can be easily achieved in [ observation or experimental design ]
0	0	experimental design	pretest/posttest control group design, has the greatest internal validity	the way in which participants are allocated to levels of the iv
0	0	experimental design	involves manipulating a certain variable—known as an independent variable—to see what effects it has. the measured effects are known as dependent variables.	determining casual relationships → prediction and control cause= conditions under which behavior occurs control= arranging the conditions responsible for producing some event. prediction= specifying occurrence based on past experiences
0	0	experimental design	refers to how the participants are allocated the 2 levels of the independent variable in an experiment	a study design in which the independent variable is controlled or manipulated
1	0	experimental design	involves randomly assigning participants to conditions, while varying each condition and then measure the outcome in each condition  completely random	when done correctly (e.g., using random assignment) can reduce the influence of lurking and confounding variables
3	1	experimental design	the arrangement of conditions in a study so that meaningful comparisons of the effects of the iv can be made.	the particular arrangement of conditions in a study so that meaningful comparisons of the effects of the presence, absence, or different values of the iv can be made
1	0	experimental design	involves randomly assigning participants to conditions, while varying each condition and then measure the outcome in each condition  completely random	test in which the researcher has control over and manipulates one or more independent variables
1	0	experimental design	most convincing evidence because you are measuring the effects of an intervention between two different groups.	other criteria such as temporality, strength, biological gradients, etc. can be easily achieved in [ observation or experimental design ]
0	0	experimental design	takes place in a controlled environment (laboratory). to draw causal conclusions from an environment, researcher must be able to control certain aspects of the environment.	other criteria such as temporality, strength, biological gradients, etc. can be easily achieved in [ observation or experimental design ]
1	0	experimental design	a research method that establishes cause and effect relationships between the independent and dependent variables; manipulates the independent variable	a study design in which the independent variable is controlled or manipulated
1	0	experimental design	refers to how the participants are allocated the 2 levels of the independent variable in an experiment	a research method in which the experimenter controls and manipulates the independent variable, allowing the establishment of cause-and-effect relationships between the independent and dependent variables
2	1	experimental design	greatest control over confounding variables; randomization; most interpretable &  defensible evidence of effectiveness	-greatest control over confounding variables -involves random assignment to experimental &  control groups w measurement of both groups -produces the most interpretable &  defensible evidence of effectiveness
2	1	experimental design	how a scientist tests a hypothesis must be carefully considered before data collection begins	is the process through which researchers develop experiments or data collection methods to ensure that the data collected will answer the research questions
0	0	experimental design	rigorous set of rules and protocols that scientists use to design experiments; meant to ensure that scientists are actually testing what they set out to test	the way in which participants are allocated to levels of the iv
1	0	experimental design	involves manipulating a certain variable—known as an independent variable—to see what effects it has. the measured effects are known as dependent variables.	comparing two things keep everything as similar as possible except the independent variable
2	1	experimental design	hypothesis is tested through experimentation uses variables which affect eachother	the manner in which a hypothesis is tested through experimentation
0	0	experimental design	takes place in a controlled environment (laboratory). to draw causal conclusions from an environment, researcher must be able to control certain aspects of the environment.	the way in which participants are allocated to levels of the iv
0	0	information visualization	when three dimensional graphics augmented with color used to present complex multidimensional data that can be explored/manipulated	many types of data: numeric, categorical, textual, geospatial focuses on:  accuracy, structure, exploration, attractiveness
0	0	information visualization	many types of data: numeric, categorical, textual, geospatial focuses on:  accuracy, structure, exploration, attractiveness	the use of abstracted, interactive, and visual representations of information for the generation of #insight
1	0	information visualization	when three dimensional graphics augmented with color used to present complex multidimensional data that can be explored/manipulated	the use of abstracted, interactive, and visual representations of information for the generation of #insight
1	0	real-time system	a computer system that must satisfy bounded-response time constraints	a system who's correctness depends on both logical results and the time in which those results are produced.
0	0	real-time system	a software system that maintains an ongoing, timely interaction with its environment; examples include many dss and information and communication systems.	provides real-time information in response to query requests.
0	0	development process	developing new process performing basic research training new workers	o a process that seeks to improve the performance of primary and support processes  o developing new products, performing basic research, training new workers
2	1	development process	improving a process, resource, or outcome like training employees	developing new process performing basic research training new workers
2	1	time series data	consists of observations of a variable or several variables over time. a timeline	data with one entity over many time periods
2	1	time series data	data that has accumulated over a long period of time	data that is collected for a single unit of observation, but over multiple time periods -daily stock price for microsoft from the date of inception until the current period
2	1	time series data	data with one entity over many time periods	value of variable measure at different points in time
2	1	time series data	a sequence of measurements of some quantity taken at different times often at equally spaced intervals	epresent the values of a given variable over time, where time can be measured in days, quarters, years or any other temporal unit of measurement.
2	1	time series data	consists of observations of a variable or several variables over time. a timeline	quantities that represent or trace the values taken by a variable over a period such as a month, quarter, or year.
1	0	time series data	data on a given economic unit collected over several time periods, with a natural ordering.	data that has accumulated over a long period of time
2	1	time series data	data on the outcome of a variable or variables in different time periods	value of variable measure at different points in time
2	1	time series data	consists of observations of a variable or several variables over time. a timeline	value of variable measure at different points in time
2	1	time series data	data that records the same attribute/response at multiple points in time (often at equal time intervals).	data is recorded at various points in time
1	0	time series data	series of data points indexed in time order	series of quantitative values that show how something has changed over time
2	1	time series data	a consist of measurements of the same variable for the same subject taken at regular intervals over a period of time	epresent the values of a given variable over time, where time can be measured in days, quarters, years or any other temporal unit of measurement.
2	1	time series data	value of variable measure at different points in time	quantities that represent or trace the values taken by a variable over a period such as a month, quarter, or year.
2	1	time series data	data on the outcome of a variable or variables in different time periods	data with one entity over many time periods
1	0	time series data	data with one entity over many time periods	quantities that represent or trace the values taken by a variable over a period such as a month, quarter, or year.
1	0	time series data	data on the outcome of a variable or variables in different time periods	quantities that represent or trace the values taken by a variable over a period such as a month, quarter, or year.
0	0	regular expressions	a technology that is frequently associated with the most sophisticated uses of text manipulation tools. symbolic notations used to identify patterns in text	a powerful way to identify particular pieces of information.
2	1	regular expressions	a language for specifying text search strings.	notation that describes strings of characters that can be matched to the contents of a set.
2	1	regular expressions	a way of describing some types of languages using a shorthand notation	used to describe textual patterns using meta-characters
0	0	regular expressions	a language for specifying text search strings.	a technology that is frequently associated with the most sophisticated uses of text manipulation tools. symbolic notations used to identify patterns in text
0	0	regular expressions	a language for specifying text search strings.	a powerful way to identify particular pieces of information.
2	1	regular expressions	a technology that is frequently associated with the most sophisticated uses of text manipulation tools. symbolic notations used to identify patterns in text	notation that describes strings of characters that can be matched to the contents of a set.
1	0	regular expressions	like wildcards but more advanced: can search, manipulate, etc.  ex: ^, $, ., for use with grep, awk, etc	match certain types of text. kind of like wildcards but more comprehensive and the syntax is a little different
2	1	regular expressions	a string that describes a pattern for matching a set of strings	allow you to specify a string pattern to search for
3	1	regular expressions	a notation that describes a set of strings defines a search pattern	a string that describes a pattern for matching a set of strings
0	0	regular expressions	a powerful way to identify particular pieces of information.	notation that describes strings of characters that can be matched to the contents of a set.
1	0	data compression	the process of shrinking the size of a file by removing data or recoding it more efficiently	a procedure used to reduce the amount of space required to store data by reducing, encoding, or abbreviating repetitive terms or characters.
1	0	data compression	the process of shrinking the size of a file by removing data or recoding it more efficiently	reducing the amount of space needed to store a piece of data/bandwidth to transmit it (ex. zip files)
1	0	data compression	when the bit structure of a file is manipulated to make the file size smaller. done using algorithms. algorithm - a step by step set of instruction.	when file sizes are made smaller, while trying to make the compressed file as true to the original as possible.
0	0	data compression	reduces the size of files to be sent over a network. takes up less bandwith and time.	the process of reducing the size of files so they take up less disk space.
2	1	data compression	used to reduce file sizes. fits more files onto storage devices / faster transmission over networks	compression reduces the volume of data to reduce image processing, transmission times, bandwidth requirements, and storage needs
1	0	data compression	the process of shrinking the size of a file by removing data or recoding it more efficiently	compression reduces the volume of data to reduce image processing, transmission times, bandwidth requirements, and storage needs
3	1	data compression	reduces the size of files to be sent over a network. takes up less bandwith and time.	making a file smaller, compress a file to take up less space and download faster
2	1	data compression	process of encoding data to take up less storage space and bandwidth for transmission, by finding repeatable patterns of 0's and 1's, enables info to be dispersed faster	a procedure used to reduce the amount of space required to store data by reducing, encoding, or abbreviating repetitive terms or characters.
1	0	data compression	reducing the amount of space needed to store a piece of data/bandwidth to transmit it (ex. zip files)	process of encoding data to take up less storage space and bandwidth for transmission, by finding repeatable patterns of 0's and 1's, enables info to be dispersed faster
2	1	data compression	taking data and packaging it into a smaller size (ex: zip, jpeg, mp3)	reducing the file size while maintaining the contained information
2	1	data compression	reducing the amount of space needed to store a piece of data/bandwidth to transmit it (ex. zip files)	compression reduces the volume of data to reduce image processing, transmission times, bandwidth requirements, and storage needs
2	1	data compression	involves encoding information using fewer bits than the original representation	the process of reducing the number of bits required to represent a sound or image.
1	0	data compression	the process of shrinking the size of a file by removing data or recoding it more efficiently	process of encoding data to take up less storage space and bandwidth for transmission, by finding repeatable patterns of 0's and 1's, enables info to be dispersed faster
3	1	data compression	when the bit structure of a file is manipulated to make the file size smaller. done using algorithms. algorithm - a step by step set of instruction.	bit structure of a file is manipulated in such a way that the data in a file will become smaller in size uses compression algorithms
2	1	data compression	encoding digital information using less bits than the original  works by finding &  eliminating or rewriting statistical redundancies	process of encoding information using fewer bits than the original representation
2	1	data compression	making a message smaller so it transmits more quickly	making a file smaller to make it easier to deal with
3	1	data compression	reduction of bits by encoding data using fewer bits than the original representation.	process of encoding information using fewer bits than the original representation
2	1	data compression	used to reduce file sizes. fits more files onto storage devices / faster transmission over networks	process of encoding data to take up less storage space and bandwidth for transmission, by finding repeatable patterns of 0's and 1's, enables info to be dispersed faster
1	0	data compression	the process of shrinking the size of a file by removing data or recoding it more efficiently	used to reduce file sizes. fits more files onto storage devices / faster transmission over networks
2	1	data compression	reducing the amount of space needed to store a piece of data/bandwidth to transmit it (ex. zip files)	used to reduce file sizes. fits more files onto storage devices / faster transmission over networks
1	0	data compression	is the process of storing information using less storage space by reducing the number of bits it takes up.	process of reducing memory of storage required by large files
2	1	large scale	a relatively small ratio between map units and ground units. this usually has higher resolution and covers much smaller regions and show more detail	features are larger because map is more zoomed in.
0	0	large scale	refers to maps on which objects are relatively large	1:10,000 small area detail large representative fraction
1	0	large scale	a relatively small ratio between map units and ground units. this usually has higher resolution and covers much smaller regions and show more detail	refers to maps on which objects are relatively large
1	0	large scale	features are larger because map is more zoomed in.	small ratio between map units and ground units, e.g. depicting small areas such as usgs topo maps or neighborhoods
2	1	large scale	generally, a map scale that shows a small area on the ground at a high level of detail.	refers to maps on which objects are relatively large
1	0	large scale	generally, a map scale that shows a small area on the ground at a high level of detail.	large scale = small area ex. school map
0	0	large scale	refers to maps on which objects are relatively large	a relatively small ratio between map units and ground units. large-scale maps usually have higher resolution and cover much smaller regions than small-scale maps. (large amounts of detail)
1	0	large scale	features are larger because map is more zoomed in.	large scale = small area ex. school map
1	0	large scale	large scale = small area ex. school map	small ratio between map units and ground units, e.g. depicting small areas such as usgs topo maps or neighborhoods
2	1	large scale	features are larger because map is more zoomed in.	refers to maps on which objects are relatively large
0	0	large scale	less pronounced distortion due to projection	less generalization and closer to reality
1	0	large scale	a relatively small ratio between map units and ground units. this usually has higher resolution and covers much smaller regions and show more detail	1:10,000 small area detail large representative fraction
0	0	large scale	1:10,000 small area detail large representative fraction	small ratio between map units and ground units, e.g. depicting small areas such as usgs topo maps or neighborhoods
0	0	large scale	refers to maps on which objects are relatively large	small ratio between map units and ground units, e.g. depicting small areas such as usgs topo maps or neighborhoods
2	1	large scale	large scale = small area ex. school map	a relatively small ratio between map units and ground units. large-scale maps usually have higher resolution and cover much smaller regions than small-scale maps. (large amounts of detail)
1	0	large scale	features are larger because map is more zoomed in.	generally, a map scale that shows a small area on the ground at a high level of detail.
1	0	black box	the pen tester has absolutely no knowledge of the system and its functioning in the same manner as an outside attacker	attacker has no knowledge of the network environment (external attack)
0	0	black box	blind test of system	attacker has no knowledge of the network environment (external attack)
2	1	black box	having no information about the system or environment when performing a penetration test	no knowledge of the system, tester is operating as if they were an outside attacker
0	0	black box	testing where only the inputs and outputs of a software module are tested without examining the inner working of the software	a process of testing where operations or actions are unknown or unspecified, can test for features not implemented.
1	0	black box	internals are hidden (eg 3rd party library); access only through documented external interfaces.	testing the software from an external perspective, i.e., with no prior knowledge of the software; only binary executable or intermediate byte code is available for analysis
3	1	black box	a test conducted when the assessor has no information or knowledge about the inner workings of the system or knowledge of the source code.	the assessor has no knowledge of the inner workings of the system or the source code.
2	1	black box	having no information about the system or environment when performing a penetration test	pentester knows nothing about systems under attack  &"blind&"
3	1	black box	having no information about the system or environment when performing a penetration test	no prior knowledge of the system or network to be assessed
3	1	black box	outsider attack, attacker has no knowledge of the network environment	attacker has no knowledge of the network environment (external attack)
3	1	black box	the pen tester has absolutely no knowledge of the system and its functioning in the same manner as an outside attacker	testers have no knowledge of environment, just like an attacker
3	1	black box	testers conduct their work without any knowledge of the target environment.	a test method conducted when the assessor has no information or knowledge about the inner workings of the system or knowledge of the source code
1	0	black box	this term describes any mechanism that accepts input, performs some operation that cannot be seen on the input, and produces output.	a device that can be used solely in terms of input and output with regard to how it works.
1	0	black box	outsider attack, attacker has no knowledge of the network environment	no prior knowledge of the system or network to be assessed
3	1	black box	an analogy that programmers use to refer to hidden method implementation details.	the analogy that programmers use to refer to the details of hidden methods.
2	1	black box	a &"blind&" test   the pentester knows nothing about the systems	testers have zero knowledge of the environment prior to starting a test. instead they approach the test with the same knowledge as an attacker.
0	0	black box	having no information about the system or environment when performing a penetration test	attacker has no knowledge of the network environment (external attack)
0	0	black box	outsider attack, attacker has no knowledge of the network environment	test without knowledge of system internals.
1	0	black box	test without knowledge of system internals.	having no information about the system or environment when performing a penetration test
3	1	black box	any device you can use without knowing how it works internally	a device you can use without understanding how it works.
1	0	black box	device, system, or object viewed in terms of input/output without any knowledge of its internal workings and a well explained interface ex) phone, tv, fridge	a term used to indicate any component of a computer-based system for whih the user need not to know the details of its internal operations
1	0	black box	you can examine what goes in and out of the method, but not the details of how it works inside.	an analogy that programmers use to refer to hidden method implementation details.
2	1	black box	no prior knowledge of the system or network to be assessed	pentester knows nothing about systems under attack  &"blind&"
2	1	black box	blind test of system	testers have no knowledge of environment, just like an attacker
3	1	black box	blind test of system	test without knowledge of system internals.
2	1	black box	the pen tester has absolutely no knowledge of the system and its functioning in the same manner as an outside attacker	test without knowledge of system internals.
0	0	black box	users test; functionality, user input validation, output results and transitions and boundary cases	any component of a system for which the user need not know the details of its internal operation
2	1	black box	no knowledge of the system, tester is operating as if they were an outside attacker	pentester knows nothing about systems under attack  &"blind&"
3	1	black box	a &"blind&" test   the pentester knows nothing about the systems	a test where the tester has no knowledge of the network and systems being tested.
2	1	black box	manipulates line voltage for toll free calls	phreaking tool used to manipulate line voltages to steal long-distance service.
1	0	black box	blind test of system	pentester knows nothing about systems under attack  &"blind&"
3	1	black box	testers have no knowledge of environment, just like an attacker	having no information about the system or environment when performing a penetration test
1	0	black box	the tester has no prior knowledge of the network infrastructure being tested. most closely mimics an attack from outside the organization	tester knows nothing of the network
3	1	black box	test without knowledge of the code	used to test the software without knowing the internal structure of code of program
2	1	black box	the pen tester has absolutely no knowledge of the system and its functioning in the same manner as an outside attacker	no prior knowledge of the system or network to be assessed
2	1	black box	no knowledge of the system, tester is operating as if they were an outside attacker	attacker has no knowledge of the network environment (external attack)
3	1	black box	the pen tester has absolutely no knowledge of the system and its functioning in the same manner as an outside attacker	having no information about the system or environment when performing a penetration test
1	0	black box	attacker has no knowledge of the network environment (external attack)	pentester knows nothing about systems under attack  &"blind&"
2	1	black box	outsider attack, attacker has no knowledge of the network environment	pentester knows nothing about systems under attack  &"blind&"
1	0	black box	outsider attack, attacker has no knowledge of the network environment	no knowledge of the system, tester is operating as if they were an outside attacker
2	1	black box	blind test of system	the pen tester has absolutely no knowledge of the system and its functioning in the same manner as an outside attacker
2	1	black box	it can be viewed only in terms of its input and output, without any knowledge of its internal workings	a device, system or object in computing which can be viewed in terms of its inputs and outputs, without requiring any knowledge of its internal workings.
3	1	black box	a device, system or object in computing which can be viewed in terms of its inputs and outputs, without requiring any knowledge of its internal workings.	a device, system or object which can be viewed in terms of its inputs and outputs (or transfer characteristics), without any knowledge of its internal workings.
2	1	black box	testers have no knowledge of environment, just like an attacker	no knowledge of the system, tester is operating as if they were an outside attacker
3	1	black box	blind test of system	no prior knowledge of the system or network to be assessed
3	1	black box	testers have no knowledge of environment, just like an attacker	no prior knowledge of the system or network to be assessed
2	1	black box	blind test of system	no knowledge of the system, tester is operating as if they were an outside attacker
1	0	black box	testers have no knowledge of environment, just like an attacker	attacker has no knowledge of the network environment (external attack)
2	1	black box	a system that can not be directly observed or easily undeestood	a system that is not easily observed
2	1	black box	test without knowledge of system internals.	pentester knows nothing about systems under attack  &"blind&"
3	1	black box	the pen tester has absolutely no knowledge of the system and its functioning in the same manner as an outside attacker	no knowledge of the system, tester is operating as if they were an outside attacker
1	0	black box	blind test of system	having no information about the system or environment when performing a penetration test
3	1	black box	(penetration test) a penetration test in which the tester has no prior knowledge of the network infrastructure that is being tested.	a test where the tester has no knowledge of the network and systems being tested.
0	0	black box	aka functional testing. carried out independently of the code used in the program. makes sure the program functions to the specified requirements.	test without knowledge of the code
2	1	black box	you can examine what goes in and out of the method, but not the details of how it works inside.	the analogy that programmers use to refer to the details of hidden methods.
2	1	black box	outsider attack, attacker has no knowledge of the network environment	testers have no knowledge of environment, just like an attacker
2	1	black box	where you do not know how inputs are being transformed into outputs	a metaphor for a process or action that produces results in a non-transparent or non-observable manner.
1	0	black box	blind test of system	outsider attack, attacker has no knowledge of the network environment
3	1	black box	a test where the tester has no knowledge of the network and systems being tested.	testers have zero knowledge of the environment prior to starting a test. instead they approach the test with the same knowledge as an attacker.
2	1	black box	a type of penetration test. testers have zero knowledge of the environment prior to starting the test.	a test where the tester has no knowledge of the network and systems being tested.
0	0	black box	no prior knowledge of the system or network to be assessed	no knowledge of the system, tester is operating as if they were an outside attacker
2	1	black box	it can be viewed only in terms of its input and output, without any knowledge of its internal workings	a device, system or object which can be viewed in terms of its inputs and outputs (or transfer characteristics), without any knowledge of its internal workings.
2	1	black box	testing where only the inputs and outputs of a software module are tested without examining the inner working of the software	users test; functionality, user input validation, output results and transitions and boundary cases
0	0	black box	a complex system that cannot be directly observed and easily understood	occurs when an evaluation of program outcomes ignores, and does not identify, the process by which the program produced the effect
0	0	black box	a process of testing where operations or actions are unknown or unspecified, can test for features not implemented.	any component of a system for which the user need not know the details of its internal operation
2	1	black box	(penetration test) a penetration test in which the tester has no prior knowledge of the network infrastructure that is being tested.	a type of penetration test. testers have zero knowledge of the environment prior to starting the test.
0	0	black box	test without knowledge of system internals.	attacker has no knowledge of the network environment (external attack)
3	1	black box	testers have no knowledge of environment, just like an attacker	pentester knows nothing about systems under attack  &"blind&"
1	0	black box	test without knowledge of system internals.	no prior knowledge of the system or network to be assessed
1	0	markup language	a language used to describe the content and structure of a document	the most common language for defining the structure and layout of web pages
2	1	markup language	series of commands used to format and organize a website	a series of commands used to format, organize and describe information on a webpage.
2	1	markup language	a language that uses tags to annotate the information in a document.	lets you annotate text to define how it should be displayed.
1	0	markup language	a document language that contains tags that describe a document's content and appearance.	the most common language for defining the structure and layout of web pages
2	1	markup language	language that describes the content and structure of a document by &"marking up&" or tagging, different document elements	the most common language for defining the structure and layout of web pages
2	1	peer-to-peer networks	a network of computers configured to allow certain files and folders to be shared with everyone or with selected users.	a network of computers configured to allow file sharing
2	1	3d model	a scaled representation of a building or interior with length, width, and depth. can be physical or digital	represents a physical object using a collection of points in 3d space, connected by various geometric entities such as triangles, lines, curved surfaces, etc.
0	0	3d model	hierarchically organized in terms of surface and volume.	a graphical representation off something three-dimensional
0	0	cost function	- measures the distance, cost, between the hypothesis fx and training set - a minimization problem	we can measure the accuracy of our hypothesis function by using a cost function
0	0	cost function	- measures the distance, cost, between the hypothesis fx and training set - a minimization problem	measures how bad the model is (people tend to use this for linear regression to measure the residuals between the models predictions and training examples)
2	1	cost function	function that compares output of neural network with the expected outcome given in a training set.	measures how far off we are from the expected value. y represents true value a represents neuron's prediction
0	0	cost function	measures how bad the model is (people tend to use this for linear regression to measure the residuals between the models predictions and training examples)	we can measure the accuracy of our hypothesis function by using a cost function
0	0	data objects	described by a number of attributes	data sets are made up of data objects. a data object represents an entity.  data objects are described by attributes. database rows -&gt; data objects; columns -&gt;attributes
2	1	control flow graph	an abstract representation of all possible sequences of events (paths) in the execution through a  component  or system.	a model representating the execution paths that can be taken through a program
2	1	control flow graph	an abstract representation of all possible sequences of events (paths) in the execution through a  component  or system.	models all executions of a program by describing control structures
2	1	hash functions	cryptographic algorithms that provide message integrity by producing a condensed representation of a message called a message digest	mathematical algorithms that generate a message summary or digest in order to confirm message identity and integrity
1	0	mobile code	code that can be transmitted across a network, to be executed by a system or device on the other end.	a form of software transmitted to and executed on a client. hackers can use mobile code for malicious purposes.
3	1	mobile code	code that can be transmitted across a network, to be executed by a system or device on the other end.	any software that is transmitted across a network to be executed on a local system.
1	0	mobile code	a form of software transmitted to and executed on a client. hackers can use mobile code for malicious purposes.	any software that is transmitted across a network to be executed on a local system.
3	1	mobile code	software (e.g., script, macro, or other portable instruction) that can be shipped unchanged to a heterogeneous collection of platforms and execute with identical semantics	refers to programs that can be shipped unchanged to a heterogeneous collection of platforms and executes with identical semantics
0	0	software design	the development of a software hierarchical structure is accomplished in preliminary design to establish the basic relationships between the functional elements of the software	finding an appropriate software structure to capture the problem. determining architecture. design objects reflect software constraints. white box
0	0	software design	a process of implementing software solutions to one or more set of problems	software design is the process by which an agent creates a specification of a software
1	0	software design	a process (the how) to transform requirements into some suitable form, which helps the programmer in software coding and implementation.	software design is the process by which an agent creates a specification of a software
0	0	software design	the development of a software hierarchical structure is accomplished in preliminary design to establish the basic relationships between the functional elements of the software	transforms software reqs into descriptions of the solution.  architecture design and detail design can be iterative
1	0	software design	a process of implementing software solutions to one or more set of problems	a process (the how) to transform requirements into some suitable form, which helps the programmer in software coding and implementation.
1	0	software design	transforms software reqs into descriptions of the solution.  architecture design and detail design can be iterative	finding an appropriate software structure to capture the problem. determining architecture. design objects reflect software constraints. white box
2	1	software design	is the activity of specifying the nature and composition of software products that satisfy the clients needs and desires, subject to constraints	the process of creating a specification of a software artifact, intended to accomplish goals, using a set of primitive components and subject constraints.
2	1	software design	design a software structure that realizes the specification	the design of the software to be built
3	1	model-driven engineering	an approach to software development where models rather than programs are the principal outputs of the development process (kent, 2002; schmidt, 2006).	an approach to software development whereby models rather than programs are the principle outputs of the development process.
1	0	model-driven engineering	creating models, rather than software, programs are then generated from the models	an approach to software development in which a system is represented as a set of models that can be automatically transformed to executable code
2	1	model-driven engineering	model-driven engineering (mde) is an approach to software development here models rather than programs are the principal outputs of the development process	an approach to software development whereby models rather than programs are the principle outputs of the development process.
2	1	model-driven engineering	an approach to software development where models rather than programs are the principal outputs of the development process (kent, 2002; schmidt, 2006).	model-driven engineering (mde) is an approach to software development here models rather than programs are the principal outputs of the development process
1	0	intrusion detection	notice when security fails, take steps to correct problem	work from the assumption that sooner or later your security measures will fail
3	1	intrusion detection	the process or procedures that warn you about successful or failed unauthorized access to a system.	the process of detecting an unauthorized use of, or attack upon, a computer network, or telecommunications infrastructure.
3	1	intrusion detection	the process of detecting an unauthorized use of, or attack upon, a computer network, or telecommunications infrastructure.	the process of identifying attempts or actions to penetrate a system and gain unauthorized access.
2	1	intrusion detection	enables the collection of information about intrusion techniques that can be used to strengthen the intrusion prevention facilty	consists of procedures and systems that are created and operated to detect system intrusions
1	0	fundamental principles	principles or ideas that have shaped government in the united states	define and shape american constitutional government
1	0	implementation issues	1. reuse 2. configuration management 3. host-target development	software engineering includes all of the activities involved in software development from the initial requirements of the system through to maintenance and management of the deployed system
2	1	requirements specification	designer and customer try capture what the system is expected to provide can be expressed in natural language or more precise languages, such as a task analysis would provide	the systems analyst specifies a list of requirements for the new system ('requirements' simply means targets or aims).
1	0	requirements specification	a process, how the requirements are written (specified) a product, a written specification of the requirements	collating requirements into a requirements document
1	0	requirements specification	collating requirements into a requirements document	-the process of formally documenting the user and system requirements and creating a software requirements document.
1	0	requirements specification	activity of translating the information gathered during the analysis activity into a document that defines a set of requirements	is the process of gathering data to identify the client and project requirements.
3	1	requirements specification	activity of translating the information gathered during requirements analysis into a document that defines a set of requirements. user &  system requirements	requirements specification is the activity of translating the information gathered during the analysis activity into a document thatdefines a set of requirements
3	1	requirements specification	restates the requirements as a specification of how the proposed system shall behave (aimed at technical audience)	restating requirements in a technical format that is actionable by developers
2	1	requirements specification	designer and customer try capture what the system is expected to provide can be expressed in natural language or more precise languages, such as a task analysis would provide	precise description of properties or behaviors that something must have
1	0	requirements specification	restates the requirements as a specification of how the proposed system shall behave (aimed at technical audience)	documenting the user's needs/ constraints concisely
1	0	requirements specification	clear list of the functional and non-functional requirements for a proposed it project.	designer and customer try capture what the system is expected to provide can be expressed in natural language or more precise languages, such as a task analysis would provide
1	0	requirements specification	activity of translating the information gathered during requirements analysis into a document that defines a set of requirements. user &  system requirements	is the process of gathering data to identify the client and project requirements.
1	0	requirements specification	designer and customer try capture what the system is expected to provide can be expressed in natural language or more precise languages, such as a task analysis would provide	determining and documenting the detailed features and functions desired in the system in order to meet the organization's specific goals
2	1	requirements specification	clear list of the functional and non-functional requirements for a proposed it project.	determining and documenting the detailed features and functions desired in the system in order to meet the organization's specific goals
2	1	requirements specification	a process, how the requirements are written (specified) a product, a written specification of the requirements	the process of writing down the user and system requirements in a requirements document.
0	0	requirements specification	documenting the user's needs/ constraints concisely	restating requirements in a technical format that is actionable by developers
2	1	requirements specification	the systems analyst specifies a list of requirements for the new system ('requirements' simply means targets or aims).	determining and documenting the detailed features and functions desired in the system in order to meet the organization's specific goals
2	1	requirements specification	the systems analyst specifies a list of requirements for the new system ('requirements' simply means targets or aims).	precise description of properties or behaviors that something must have
3	1	requirements specification	activity of translating the information gathered during the analysis activity into a document that defines a set of requirements	requirements specification is the activity of translating the information gathered during the analysis activity into a document thatdefines a set of requirements
1	0	requirements specification	collating requirements into a requirements document	the process of writing down the user and system requirements in a requirements document.
2	1	requirements specification	a process, how the requirements are written (specified) a product, a written specification of the requirements	-the process of formally documenting the user and system requirements and creating a software requirements document.
2	1	requirements specification	activity of translating the information gathered during requirements analysis into a document that defines a set of requirements. user &  system requirements	activity of translating the information gathered during the analysis activity into a document that defines a set of requirements
0	0	requirements specification	clear list of the functional and non-functional requirements for a proposed it project.	the systems analyst specifies a list of requirements for the new system ('requirements' simply means targets or aims).
2	1	requirements specification	requirements specification is the activity of translating the information gathered during the analysis activity into a document thatdefines a set of requirements	is the process of gathering data to identify the client and project requirements.
2	1	requirements specification	restates the requirements as a specification of how the proposed system shall behave (aimed at technical audience)	a collection of engineering and marketing requirements that a system must satisfy in order for it to be successful
1	0	requirements specification	a collection of engineering and marketing requirements that a system must satisfy in order for it to be successful	restating requirements in a technical format that is actionable by developers
1	0	triangle inequality	for all edges (u,v), we have delta(s,v) &lt;= delta(s,u) + w(u,v)	a stop between vertices never increases cost
0	0	network size	inequality in social capital among different kinds of people	the number of actors in the network
0	0	web services	small pieces of code that are accessed via the application server, and permit interoperable machine-to-machine interaction over a network.	data is accessed and exchanged over networks and the internet between software components, using http and other web-based protocols.
0	0	web services	these are web based tools to permit communication among different software applications	web services return data rather than entire html documents and are are served over http and that they can have many different types of clients.
2	1	web services	applications that return data; enable you to exchange data from one computer to another over the internet or an intranet.	data is accessed and exchanged over networks and the internet between software components, using http and other web-based protocols.
1	0	web services	applications that return data; enable you to exchange data from one computer to another over the internet or an intranet.	software that electronically links applications of different users and different platforms
1	0	web services	applications that return data; enable you to exchange data from one computer to another over the internet or an intranet.	small pieces of code that are accessed via the application server, and permit interoperable machine-to-machine interaction over a network.
0	0	web services	allow developers to package application logic into services whose interfaces are described with the web service description language (wsdl)	these are web based tools to permit communication among different software applications
1	0	web services	web-based method allowing applications to connect to other software applications over a network (exchange info between service providers and consumers)	software that electronically links applications of different users and different platforms
0	0	web services	web-based method allowing applications to connect to other software applications over a network (exchange info between service providers and consumers)	small pieces of code that are accessed via the application server, and permit interoperable machine-to-machine interaction over a network.
0	0	web services	integrates web based applications using xml soap wsdl uddi.	small pieces of code that are accessed via the application server which permit interoperable machine-to-machine interaction over a network. a web service is merely an api wrapped in http
2	1	web services	web-based method allowing applications to connect to other software applications over a network (exchange info between service providers and consumers)	use simple object access protocol (soap) to exchange data
0	0	web services	the term &"web service&" describes a standardized way of integrating web-based applications using the xml, soap, wsdl and uddi open standards over an internet protocol backbone.	small pieces of code that are accessed via the application server which permit interoperable machine-to-machine interaction over a network. a web service is merely an api wrapped in http
0	0	web services	small pieces of code that are accessed via the application server, and permit interoperable machine-to-machine interaction over a network.	use simple object access protocol (soap) to exchange data
2	1	web services	a combination of software tools that let application software in one organization communicate with other applications over a network using the soap, uddi, and wsdl protocols	the term &"web service&" describes a standardized way of integrating web-based applications using the xml, soap, wsdl and uddi open standards over an internet protocol backbone.
1	0	web services	web-based method allowing applications to connect to other software applications over a network (exchange info between service providers and consumers)	in this data exchange system, data is accessed and exchanged over networks and the internet between software components, using web based protocols
1	0	web services	applications that return data; enable you to exchange data from one computer to another over the internet or an intranet.	use simple object access protocol (soap) to exchange data
0	0	web services	platform-independent information exchange systems that use the internet to allow interaction between firms.	a collection of technologies and standards that allow services to be provided on distributed systems and be &"served up&" in one place.
2	1	web services	applications that return data; enable you to exchange data from one computer to another over the internet or an intranet.	in this data exchange system, data is accessed and exchanged over networks and the internet between software components, using web based protocols
2	1	web services	a combination of software tools that let application software in one organization communicate with other applications over a network using the soap, uddi, and wsdl protocols	small pieces of code that are accessed via the application server which permit interoperable machine-to-machine interaction over a network. a web service is merely an api wrapped in http
3	1	web services	data is accessed and exchanged over networks and the internet between software components, using http and other web-based protocols.	in this data exchange system, data is accessed and exchanged over networks and the internet between software components, using web based protocols
0	0	web services	allow developers to package application logic into services whose interfaces are described with the web service description language (wsdl)	web services return data rather than entire html documents and are are served over http and that they can have many different types of clients.
0	0	web services	in this data exchange system, data is accessed and exchanged over networks and the internet between software components, using web based protocols	software that electronically links applications of different users and different platforms
0	0	web services	soa (service oriented architecture) designed programs that comply with web service standards	services delivered over the internet. -designed for application to application interaction -should be interoperable (not platform dependent) -allow communication over a network (speak to a database)
1	0	web services	data is accessed and exchanged over networks and the internet between software components, using http and other web-based protocols.	use simple object access protocol (soap) to exchange data
0	0	web services	software that electronically links applications of different users and different platforms	use simple object access protocol (soap) to exchange data
1	0	web services	small pieces of code that are accessed via the application server, and permit interoperable machine-to-machine interaction over a network.	software that electronically links applications of different users and different platforms
2	1	web services	web-based method allowing applications to connect to other software applications over a network (exchange info between service providers and consumers)	data is accessed and exchanged over networks and the internet between software components, using http and other web-based protocols.
0	0	web services	a collection of technologies and standards that allow services to be provided on distributed systems and be &"served up&" in one place.	when companies have the options to license functions provided by other companies instead of writing the code themselves.
1	0	web services	small pieces of code that are accessed via the application server, and permit interoperable machine-to-machine interaction over a network.	in this data exchange system, data is accessed and exchanged over networks and the internet between software components, using web based protocols
0	0	web services	data is accessed and exchanged over networks and the internet between software components, using http and other web-based protocols.	software that electronically links applications of different users and different platforms
1	0	process models	- waterfall model/software lifecycle model - evolutionary development - rational unified process - agile development	- waterfall - v - prototyping - phased development (increments + iteration) - spiral - agile
0	0	process models	activity diagrams; shows the processes that are performed and how data moves among them	•process-driven: module calls control the flow of the program •dialog-driven: interactions with the user control the flow of the program •data-driven: data format allows simple reporting logic
0	0	process models	reveal how the system being developed is used in broader business processes.	•process-driven: module calls control the flow of the program •dialog-driven: interactions with the user control the flow of the program •data-driven: data format allows simple reporting logic
1	0	process models	- waterfall model/software lifecycle model - evolutionary development - rational unified process - agile development	• code &  fix • linear sequential • incremental process models • evolutionary (prototyping, spiral) • concurrent models • component-based development • formal methods model
1	0	network interface	the public, private, or elastic ip addresses of an ec2 instance.	technologies addressed by layer 1 and layer 2 of osi. also called network access layer
2	1	network interface	the public, private, or elastic ip addresses of an ec2 instance.	a network interface is the point of interconnection between a computer and a private or public network.
1	0	network interface	software, servers, and cable connections used to link computers	a device that converts digital data that's coming from the computer into some type of signal that can be transmitted on the network medium.
1	0	network interface	router port for packet output from routing table for given ip, in routing table	every tcp/ip data packet must have a destination and a source mac address in the tcp/ip header
1	0	data analysis	graphing data (histogram)	tool to represent and test hypotheses about data
2	1	data analysis	- make hypotheses - look for what is not there - scrutinize for the obvious - keep your mind open - trust the data - watch the &"n&"	the process of interpreting the meaning of data collected in an experiment, finding patterns in the data, and thinking about what the patterns mean.
1	0	data analysis	is a process of inspecting, cleaning, transforming, and modeling data with the goal of discovering useful information, suggesting conclusions, and supporting decision-making.	makes sense of an organization's collected data and turn it into useful information and validate their future decisions.
0	0	data analysis	where the researcher explains which analysis tools were selected and why they were the best fit for the general research questions asked and the specific data collection methods employed	looking at the data to understand its meaning and how it might support our hypothesis
0	0	data analysis	the manipulation of collected data so that the development team members who are participating in systems analysis can use the data	performing analysis and understanding results: machine learning, computational statistics, visualisation, ...
0	0	data analysis	after experimentation, data is displayed using a graph to show patterns/trends.  be organized.. title, units labels, variables	describing data using graphs and numbers.
0	0	data analysis	*organize data to show trends,  *develop graphs of data,  *show all mathematical calculations with units,  *apply any statistical analysis,  *summarize results.	the process of evaluating data using analytical and logical reasoning; often involves putting numerical values into picture form, such as bar graphs, line graphs, and circle graphs.
0	0	data analysis	where the researcher explains which analysis tools were selected and why they were the best fit for the general research questions asked and the specific data collection methods employed	threat to internal validity caused by how data is analyzed. it must be analyzed correctly. appropriate statistical techniques must be used.
0	0	data analysis	tableau has an ever growing set of analytical functions that allow you to dive deep into understanding complex relationships, patterns, and correlations in the data	analyze results, communicate findings, use findings for program improvement.
0	0	data analysis	threat to internal validity caused by how data is analyzed. it must be analyzed correctly. appropriate statistical techniques must be used.	applying statistics and logic techniques to define, illustrate, and evaluate data
1	0	data analysis	*organize data to show trends,  *develop graphs of data,  *show all mathematical calculations with units,  *apply any statistical analysis,  *summarize results.	the process of interpreting the meaning of data collected in an experiment, finding patterns in the data, and thinking about what the patterns mean.
2	1	data analysis	looking at the data to understand its meaning and how it might support our hypothesis	consists of the strategies and methods that makes sense of the data to answer the research problem and questions.
0	0	data analysis	the process of placing observations in numerical form and manipulating them according to their arithmetic properties to derive meaning from them	refers to deriving some meaning from the observations made during a research project.
0	0	data analysis	is a process of inspecting, cleaning, transforming, and modeling data with the goal of discovering useful information, suggesting conclusions, and supporting decision-making.	analyze results, communicate findings, use findings for program improvement.
0	0	data analysis	threat to internal validity caused by how data is analyzed. it must be analyzed correctly. appropriate statistical techniques must be used.	comparison of what is logically expected with what is actually observed or using observations to develop a new set of logic
3	1	data analysis	transform inputs into outputs (such as data summarization or regression analysis)	functions transform inputs into outputs, including simple summarization to complex mathematical modeling
1	0	data analysis	record observations and analyze what the data means. often, you'll prepare a table or graph of the data.	- make hypotheses - look for what is not there - scrutinize for the obvious - keep your mind open - trust the data - watch the &"n&"
1	0	data analysis	helps distinguish among multiple working hypothesis. one of the first steps toward determining whether an observed pattern has validity	the process of interpreting the meaning of data collected in an experiment, finding patterns in the data, and thinking about what the patterns mean.
2	1	data analysis	looking at the data to understand its meaning and how it might support our hypothesis	threat to internal validity caused by how data is analyzed. it must be analyzed correctly. appropriate statistical techniques must be used.
0	0	data analysis	- make hypotheses - look for what is not there - scrutinize for the obvious - keep your mind open - trust the data - watch the &"n&"	helps distinguish among multiple working hypothesis. one of the first steps toward determining whether an observed pattern has validity
0	0	data analysis	process, perception, and outcome data can all be analyzed and later reported -focuses on organizing and summarizing collected information into themes or statistical descriptions -involves stakeholders from the beginning	phase in which the nurse examines and groups the data collected to make nursing judgments . the end result is formulation of nursing diagnosis, collaborative problems and/or referrals
1	0	data analysis	performing analysis and understanding results: machine learning, computational statistics, visualisation, ...	submission of data to statistical analysis; includes sorting into categories and determining relationships between variables.
1	0	data analysis	is the process of examining and transforming data in order to summarize a situation, highlight useful information, discover relationships, and suggest conclusions	analyze results, communicate findings, use findings for program improvement.
2	1	data analysis	is the processing of data collected during the course of a study to identify trends and patterns of relationships	performing analysis and understanding results: machine learning, computational statistics, visualisation, ...
2	1	data analysis	the task of transforming, summarizing, or modeling data to allow the user to make meaningful conclusions	makes sense of an organization's collected data and turn it into useful information and validate their future decisions.
0	0	data analysis	using software tools to evaluate digital data so you can use the information in meaningful ways.	is the process of examining and transforming data in order to summarize a situation, highlight useful information, discover relationships, and suggest conclusions
1	0	data analysis	consists of the strategies and methods that makes sense of the data to answer the research problem and questions.	applying statistics and logic techniques to define, illustrate, and evaluate data
1	0	data analysis	comparison of what is logically expected with what is actually observed or using observations to develop a new set of logic	applying statistics and logic techniques to define, illustrate, and evaluate data
2	1	data analysis	is the processing of data collected during the course of a study to identify trends and patterns of relationships	submission of data to statistical analysis; includes sorting into categories and determining relationships between variables.
1	0	data analysis	the task of transforming, summarizing, or modeling data to allow the user to make meaningful conclusions	analyze results, communicate findings, use findings for program improvement.
1	0	data analysis	the task of transforming, summarizing, or modeling data to allow the user to make meaningful conclusions	tableau has an ever growing set of analytical functions that allow you to dive deep into understanding complex relationships, patterns, and correlations in the data
2	1	data analysis	organizing and interpreting the data and observations to figure out what it means	reviewing the data collected to look for patterns or inferences that can be determined
1	0	data analysis	submission of data to statistical analysis; includes sorting into categories and determining relationships between variables.	the process of compiling, analyzing, and interpreting the results of primary and secondary data collection.
1	0	data analysis	is a process of inspecting, cleaning, transforming, and modeling data with the goal of discovering useful information, suggesting conclusions, and supporting decision-making.	using software tools to evaluate digital data so you can use the information in meaningful ways.
0	0	data analysis	using software tools to evaluate digital data so you can use the information in meaningful ways.	analyze results, communicate findings, use findings for program improvement.
1	0	data analysis	is the process of examining and transforming data in order to summarize a situation, highlight useful information, discover relationships, and suggest conclusions	makes sense of an organization's collected data and turn it into useful information and validate their future decisions.
1	0	data analysis	transform inputs into outputs (such as data summarization or regression analysis)	functions transform inputs into outputs, including simple summarization to complex mathematical modeling such as regression analysis
1	0	data analysis	crunching the numbers to see if they support predictions	looking at the data to understand its meaning and how it might support our hypothesis
1	0	data analysis	tableau has an ever growing set of analytical functions that allow you to dive deep into understanding complex relationships, patterns, and correlations in the data	is the process of examining and transforming data in order to summarize a situation, highlight useful information, discover relationships, and suggest conclusions
0	0	data analysis	where the researcher explains which analysis tools were selected and why they were the best fit for the general research questions asked and the specific data collection methods employed	comparison of what is logically expected with what is actually observed or using observations to develop a new set of logic
1	0	data analysis	*organize data to show trends,  *develop graphs of data,  *show all mathematical calculations with units,  *apply any statistical analysis,  *summarize results.	various techniques to summarize and examine the collected data to help determine trends and relationships among the variables
2	1	data analysis	the task of transforming, summarizing, or modeling data to allow the user to make meaningful conclusions	using software tools to evaluate digital data so you can use the information in meaningful ways.
1	0	data analysis	tableau has an ever growing set of analytical functions that allow you to dive deep into understanding complex relationships, patterns, and correlations in the data	using software tools to evaluate digital data so you can use the information in meaningful ways.
0	0	data analysis	the process of evaluating data using analytical and logical reasoning; often involves putting numerical values into picture form, such as bar graphs, line graphs, and circle graphs.	- make hypotheses - look for what is not there - scrutinize for the obvious - keep your mind open - trust the data - watch the &"n&"
1	0	data analysis	analyses are techniques or statistical tools designed to aid in describing and summarizing findings, helping researchers to draw reasonable conclusions from the data	an objective report of the summary of measures that best meet assumptions about data.
2	1	data analysis	-must account for variables outside of the independent and dependent variables considered (age, gender, smoking status, bmi, and other factors)	must account for variables outside of the independent and dependent variable   some can be -confounding: unexpected factors in the experiment
2	1	data analysis	various techniques to summarize and examine the collected data to help determine trends and relationships among the variables	the process of interpreting the meaning of data collected in an experiment, finding patterns in the data, and thinking about what the patterns mean.
0	0	data analysis	*organize data to show trends,  *develop graphs of data,  *show all mathematical calculations with units,  *apply any statistical analysis,  *summarize results.	helps distinguish among multiple working hypothesis. one of the first steps toward determining whether an observed pattern has validity
2	1	data analysis	crunching the numbers to see if they support predictions	applying statistics and logic techniques to define, illustrate, and evaluate data
0	0	data analysis	the process of evaluating data using analytical and logical reasoning; often involves putting numerical values into picture form, such as bar graphs, line graphs, and circle graphs.	helps distinguish among multiple working hypothesis. one of the first steps toward determining whether an observed pattern has validity
0	0	data analysis	a process of modifying data in order to find information.	-when analyzing data to estimate the strength of an association between variables, first determine the type of data at hand.
1	0	data analysis	performing analysis and understanding results: machine learning, computational statistics, visualisation, ...	the process of compiling, analyzing, and interpreting the results of primary and secondary data collection.
2	1	data analysis	the process of evaluating data using analytical and logical reasoning; often involves putting numerical values into picture form, such as bar graphs, line graphs, and circle graphs.	various techniques to summarize and examine the collected data to help determine trends and relationships among the variables
2	1	data analysis	record observations and analyze what the data means. often, you'll prepare a table or graph of the data.	the process of evaluating data using analytical and logical reasoning; often involves putting numerical values into picture form, such as bar graphs, line graphs, and circle graphs.
0	0	data analysis	consists of the strategies and methods that makes sense of the data to answer the research problem and questions.	comparison of what is logically expected with what is actually observed or using observations to develop a new set of logic
2	1	data analysis	using software tools to evaluate digital data so you can use the information in meaningful ways.	makes sense of an organization's collected data and turn it into useful information and validate their future decisions.
1	0	data analysis	is the processing of data collected during the course of a study to identify trends and patterns of relationships	the manipulation of collected data so that the development team members who are participating in systems analysis can use the data
1	0	data analysis	run statistical tests to answer the aim/objective, question, hypothesis	describe the sample answer the research question and or test hypothesis  consider post-hoc analysis as appropriate
0	0	data analysis	crunching the numbers to see if they support predictions	threat to internal validity caused by how data is analyzed. it must be analyzed correctly. appropriate statistical techniques must be used.
1	0	data analysis	crunching the numbers to see if they support predictions	comparison of what is logically expected with what is actually observed or using observations to develop a new set of logic
0	0	data analysis	threat to internal validity caused by how data is analyzed. it must be analyzed correctly. appropriate statistical techniques must be used.	consists of the strategies and methods that makes sense of the data to answer the research problem and questions.
0	0	data analysis	where the researcher explains which analysis tools were selected and why they were the best fit for the general research questions asked and the specific data collection methods employed	applying statistics and logic techniques to define, illustrate, and evaluate data
0	0	data analysis	where the researcher explains which analysis tools were selected and why they were the best fit for the general research questions asked and the specific data collection methods employed	crunching the numbers to see if they support predictions
1	0	data analysis	looking at the data to understand its meaning and how it might support our hypothesis	comparison of what is logically expected with what is actually observed or using observations to develop a new set of logic
2	1	data analysis	describes the sample, answers the research question and/or tests the hypothesis	describe the sample answer the research question and or test hypothesis  consider post-hoc analysis as appropriate
0	0	data analysis	is the processing of data collected during the course of a study to identify trends and patterns of relationships	the process of compiling, analyzing, and interpreting the results of primary and secondary data collection.
0	0	data analysis	various techniques to summarize and examine the collected data to help determine trends and relationships among the variables	helps distinguish among multiple working hypothesis. one of the first steps toward determining whether an observed pattern has validity
0	0	data analysis	record observations and analyze what the data means. often, you'll prepare a table or graph of the data.	*organize data to show trends,  *develop graphs of data,  *show all mathematical calculations with units,  *apply any statistical analysis,  *summarize results.
0	0	data analysis	record observations and analyze what the data means. often, you'll prepare a table or graph of the data.	helps distinguish among multiple working hypothesis. one of the first steps toward determining whether an observed pattern has validity
3	1	data analysis	run statistical tests to answer the aim/objective, question, hypothesis	describes the sample, answers the research question and/or tests the hypothesis
1	0	query optimization	examining multiple ways of executing the same query and choosing the fastest option	parallel query processing-possible when working in multiprocessor systems overriding automatic query optimization-allows for query writers to preempt the automated optimization
1	0	query optimization	parallel query processing-possible when working in multiprocessor systems overriding automatic query optimization-allows for query writers to preempt the automated optimization	minimizing response times for actions by choosing the most efficient query to achieve it
0	0	query optimization	to minimize response times for large, complex queries	restructure physical view to optimize response times to queries delete unused data
2	1	query optimization	examining multiple ways of executing the same query and choosing the fastest option	minimizing response times for actions by choosing the most efficient query to achieve it
0	0	environmental conditions	abiotic environmental factors that vary in space and time and to which organisms are differentially responsive	the state of the environment
0	0	environmental conditions	how fabric reacts to exposure and storage	the state of the environment
0	0	environmental conditions	abiotic environmental factors that vary in space and time and to which organisms are differentially responsive	weather, wildfire in progress, daily fire potential index
0	0	data centers	storage management consume alot of energy, &" server farms&"	industrial facilities whose sole purpose is the storage and management of external data - &"server farms&" - normally require minimal architecture and few employees - consume significant energy
0	0	data centers	storage management consume alot of energy, &" server farms&"	industrial facilities whose sole purpose is the storage and management of external data, also called &"data farms&"
0	0	data centers	large numbers of network serves used for the storage, processing, management, distribution, and archiving of data, systems. web traffic, services, and enterprise applications.	a facility used to house management information systems and associated components, such as telecommunications and storage systems
0	0	data centers	large amounts of data  dedicated space to store data   servers: host applications and content for use clients: consume hosted resources peers: work together to share data	a facility used to house management information systems and associated components, such as telecommunications and storage systems
2	1	data centers	industrial facilities whose sole purpose is the storage and management of external data - &"server farms&" - normally require minimal architecture and few employees - consume significant energy	industrial facilities whose sole purpose is the storage and management of external data, also called &"data farms&"
0	0	information flow	the structure and speed of messages between individuals and or organizations	one of the most important differences between large and small groups
0	0	information flow	the structure and speed of messages between individuals and or organizations	-who performs the task, with what indications and with what feedback -specifies the communication between people and the interactions between people and technology
0	0	information flow	'marked clauses'- manipulated sentences,unusual, don't always follow svo want to highlight something what is considered most important what is assumed the audience already know	the movement of information from category to another. think of a highly classified file being copied and made available to an unclassified audience.
0	0	information flow	-each class is assigned a security classification with clearances -has compartments (dedicated, multilevel, compartmented) -&"multi-level security policies&"	the illicit transmission of information without leakage of rights
0	0	information flow	-who performs the task, with what indications and with what feedback -specifies the communication between people and the interactions between people and technology	one of the most important differences between large and small groups
0	0	recommender systems	used when user doesn't know what they want i.e. netflix	noisy data, commercial pay-off (e.g. amazon, netflix)
2	1	recommender systems	web-based information filtering system that takes the inputs from users and then uses the inputs to provide recommendations for other users	web-based information filtering system that takes the inputs from users and then aggregates the inputs to provide recommendations for other users in their product or service selection choices
2	1	data distribution	the overall shape of a graph which shows the way in which data are spread out or clustered together	this can be described by: the measure of center, spread, and overall shape.
2	1	data distribution	list of all possible values and how often they occur	the frequency distribution of individual values in a data set.
2	1	data distribution	listing all possible values obtained in the data &  how often they occurred	the frequency distribution of individual values in a data set.
2	1	data distribution	list of all possible values and how often they occur	what data occurred and how often (table, graph, list, etc)
1	0	data distribution	uni variate data only! mean, median, modality, skewness, symmetry, unusual values, shape	the overall shape of a graph which shows the way in which data are spread out or clustered together
3	1	data distribution	listing all possible values obtained in the data &  how often they occurred	list of all possible values and how often they occur
3	1	data distribution	the overall shape of a graph; can be skewed right, symmetric, or skewed left.	the overall shape of a graph which shows the way in which data are spread out or clustered together
2	1	data distribution	what data occurred and how often (table, graph, list, etc)	the frequency distribution of individual values in a data set.
1	0	data distribution	the overall shape of a graph; can be skewed right, symmetric, or skewed left.	this can be described by: the measure of center, spread, and overall shape.
2	1	data distribution	-what data occurred -how often -ex: table, graph, etc	a list or graph that shows what values happened and how often
1	0	data distribution	the overall shape of a graph; can be skewed right, symmetric, or skewed left.	uni variate data only! mean, median, modality, skewness, symmetry, unusual values, shape
0	0	data distribution	uni variate data only! mean, median, modality, skewness, symmetry, unusual values, shape	this can be described by: the measure of center, spread, and overall shape.
0	0	reference model	a model that is part of a dssa to describe the context and domain semantics important to understand a reference architecture and its architectural decisions	provide a means of information about that class of system and of comparing different architectures
1	0	reference model	every variable refers to the same object in memory and assignment means making the left refer to the same object as is on the right	a named reference to a value platonic: only one value
2	1	reference model	provides a common reference for maintaining consistency within all types of network protocols and services. the osi model is an example.	standard for network engineers to build networks and network devices with common ground. (osi, tcp/ip)
0	0	visual language	the designers job is to create and translate complex, thematic messages from varied sources.	meaning in images
0	0	visual language	drag and drop while coding is done in background  5th generation language	a system of communication using visual elements.
1	0	test suite	detail test groups and subgroups are outlined based on the test categories identified in the test approach section	a set of test cases or test procedures to be executed in a specific test cycle
2	1	knowledge workers	those who work primarily with information and who create value in the economy through their ideas, judgments, analyses, designs, or innovations. (page 322)	those who work primarily with information and who create value in the economy through their ideas, judgments, analyses, designs, or innovations; produce with heads rather than with hands
0	0	knowledge workers	a person whose job involves handling or usinf information	individuals valued for having the ability to use information productively in a business. use business intelligence and personal experience to strengthen their ideas.
0	0	knowledge workers	a person whose job involves handling or usinf information	functions: keeping organization current in knowledge, serving as internal consultants regarding their areas of expertise, acting as change agents, evaluating, initiating, and promoting change project
1	0	knowledge workers	research, prepare, and provide information - there is much overlap in the work they do	are typically professionals who are relatively well educated and to create, modify, and or synthesize knowledge as a fundamental part of their jobs.
2	1	knowledge workers	people such as engineers or architects who design products or services and create knowledge for the organization.	design products or services and create new knowledge for the firm; ex. engineers or scientists
0	0	knowledge workers	employees whose main contribution to the organization is specialized knowledge, such as knowledge of customers, a process, or a profession.	individuals valued for having the ability to use information productively in a business. use business intelligence and personal experience to strengthen their ideas.
2	1	knowledge workers	a person whose job involves handling or usinf information	are typically professionals who are relatively well educated and to create, modify, and or synthesize knowledge as a fundamental part of their jobs.
2	1	knowledge workers	individuals whose jobs are designed around the acquisition of application of information ex: rns, accountants, teachers, lawyers	knowledge-work jobs are designed around the acquisition and application of information. individuals whose jobs are designed around the acquisition and application of information.
2	1	knowledge workers	engineers, scientists, or architects, design products or services and create new knowledge for the firm	design products or services and create new knowledge for the firm; ex. engineers or scientists
3	1	knowledge workers	people such as engineers or architects who design products or services and create knowledge for the organization.	engineers, scientists, or architects, design products or services and create new knowledge for the firm
1	0	knowledge workers	functions: keeping organization current in knowledge, serving as internal consultants regarding their areas of expertise, acting as change agents, evaluating, initiating, and promoting change project	research, prepare, and provide information - there is much overlap in the work they do
0	0	knowledge workers	individuals valued for having the ability to use information productively in a business. use business intelligence and personal experience to strengthen their ideas.	research, prepare, and provide information - there is much overlap in the work they do
0	0	knowledge workers	functions: keeping organization current in knowledge, serving as internal consultants regarding their areas of expertise, acting as change agents, evaluating, initiating, and promoting change project	are typically professionals who are relatively well educated and to create, modify, and or synthesize knowledge as a fundamental part of their jobs.
3	1	knowledge workers	individuals whose jobs are designed around the acquisition of application of information ex: rns, accountants, teachers, lawyers	individuals whose jobs are deigned around the acquisition and application of information
2	1	knowledge workers	managers, supervisors, and workers at all levels can be knowledge workers who handle data and use information to make decisions	people who work with information.
0	0	knowledge workers	individuals valued for having the ability to use information productively in a business. use business intelligence and personal experience to strengthen their ideas.	are typically professionals who are relatively well educated and to create, modify, and or synthesize knowledge as a fundamental part of their jobs.
2	1	knowledge workers	provide support for the organization's basic functions includes system analysts, programmers, accountants, researchers, trainers, human resource specialists	professional employees that are experts in a particular subject area (e.g., financial and marketing analysts, engineers, lawyers, and accountants.).
2	1	knowledge workers	employees whose main contribution to the organization is specialized knowledge, such as knowledge of customers, a process, or a profession.	a person whose job involves handling or usinf information
3	1	hash table	data structure that has an associative array mapping keys to values	is a data structure that creates a mapping between keys and values, it can be implemented as an array
1	0	hash table	a table of information that is accessed by way of a shortened search key (the hash value). similar to array	-associate key to record with hash function -applies to more than one attribute -good for looking up values based on equality -cannot answer range based queries
0	0	hash table	a table of information that is accessed by way of a shortened search key (the hash value).	a way of storing data that allows data to be retrieved with a constant time complexity of o(1).
2	1	hash table	a data structure that uses a key to sort an index into a table	an array coupled with a hash function that maps an element (key) to a number that we use to find an index for that key in the array.
2	1	hash table	a data structure that uses a key to sort an index into a table	implementation of a key value store. retrieve values using hash function
1	0	hash table	a table of information that is accessed by way of a shortened search key (the hash value). similar to array	-used for easy/fast storing and accessing data -best for sets and maps -constant time (insert, delete, search) -num of items in h.t &lt; size of array &lt;&lt; keys
1	0	hash table	a data structure that maps key to values for highly efficient lookup. implement simply by using a linked list and hashcode function.	a table that associates key values with data by use of a hash function.
0	0	hash table	implemented using objects requires hash function, might have collisions worst time: search, insertion, deletion: o(n); linear; fair worst space: o(n); linear; fair	a table used to implement a dictionary in constant time per operation.
0	0	hash table	a table of information that is accessed by way of a shortened search key (the hash value).	access in not applicable. constant time search, insertion, and delete
1	0	hash table	implementation of a key value store. retrieve values using hash function	a table used for hashing, and is sorted in an array
2	1	hash table	a data structure that maps key to values for highly efficient lookup. implement simply by using a linked list and hashcode function.	a dictionary in which keys are mapped to array positions by a hash funtion
1	0	hash table	access in not applicable. constant time search, insertion, and delete	a way of storing data that allows data to be retrieved with a constant time complexity of o(1).
1	0	hash table	a table of information that is accessed by way of a shortened search key (the hash value). similar to array	a table used to implement a dictionary in constant time per operation.
3	1	hash table	implementation of a key value store. retrieve values using hash function	a table that associates key values with data by use of a hash function.
3	1	hash table	a dictionary in which keys are mapped to array positions by a hash funtion	a table that associates key values with data by use of a hash function.
2	1	hash table	a data structure that uses a key to sort an index into a table	a table used for hashing, and is sorted in an array
2	1	hash table	a way of storing data that allows data to be retrieved with a constant time complexity of o(1).	a collection of items stored in such a way that they can quickly be located
2	1	hash table	a data structure that uses a key to sort an index into a table	a dictionary in which keys are mapped to array positions by a hash funtion
1	0	hash table	a data structure that maps key to values for highly efficient lookup. implement simply by using a linked list and hashcode function.	a table used for hashing, and is sorted in an array
2	1	hash table	implementation of a key value store. retrieve values using hash function	a dictionary in which keys are mapped to array positions by a hash funtion
1	0	hash table	a table of information that is accessed by way of a shortened search key (the hash value). similar to array	implemented using objects requires hash function, might have collisions worst time: search, insertion, deletion: o(n); linear; fair worst space: o(n); linear; fair
1	0	hash table	-associate key to record with hash function -applies to more than one attribute -good for looking up values based on equality -cannot answer range based queries	-used for easy/fast storing and accessing data -best for sets and maps -constant time (insert, delete, search) -num of items in h.t &lt; size of array &lt;&lt; keys
3	1	hash table	is a data structure which stores data in an associative manner. data is stored in an array format, where each data value has its own unique index value.	an abstract data structure where data is stored in an array format, where each data value has its own unique index value.
0	0	hash table	a data structure that stores key value pairs using an algorithm to link the two	stores data by association using arrays; has insert and search function
1	0	hash table	-associate key to record with hash function -applies to more than one attribute -good for looking up values based on equality -cannot answer range based queries	implemented using objects requires hash function, might have collisions worst time: search, insertion, deletion: o(n); linear; fair worst space: o(n); linear; fair
1	0	hash table	constant access time (on average).	a fixed size array that provide nearly constant time to search
0	0	hash table	a table of information that is accessed by way of a shortened search key (the hash value).	a collection of items stored in such a way that they can quickly be located
0	0	hash table	is a data structure that stores a collection of unique search keys and associated values (or pointers) directly in the cells of the array	a data structure that stores key value pairs using an algorithm to link the two
0	0	hash table	-used for easy/fast storing and accessing data -best for sets and maps -constant time (insert, delete, search) -num of items in h.t &lt; size of array &lt;&lt; keys	a table used to implement a dictionary in constant time per operation.
3	1	hash table	a dictionary in which keys are mapped to array positions by a hash funtion	a table used for hashing, and is sorted in an array
2	1	experimental data	a form of primary data collected as part of scientific investigations or experiments	data produced by an experimental design. it could be quantitative or qualitative data depending on the investigation
1	0	experimental data	a form of primary data collected as part of scientific investigations or experiments	often collected in laboratory environments in the same way as in natural sciences
0	0	experimental data	information that describes the result of a careful manipulation of the system under study	data produced by an experimental design. it could be quantitative or qualitative data depending on the investigation
0	0	experimental data	collected in a laboratory environment based on a designed expirement	applying a treatment and observing effects on the subjects
0	0	experimental data	comparing data from 2 or more groups (usually a mix of categorial and quantitative variables)	this kind of data is elicited in an experimental setting and often involves listening to specific linguistic stimuli or to particular sounds.
1	0	experimental data	data collected by experiment. active component - subject is aware of involvement and participation	information that describes the result of a careful manipulation of the system under study
2	1	experimental data	formal research studies, medical, social, surveys, lab tests, and other data collection	often collected in laboratory environments in the same way as in natural sciences
0	0	experimental data	data collected by experiment. active component - subject is aware of involvement and participation	a form of primary data collected as part of scientific investigations or experiments
1	0	experimental data	data collected by experiment. active component - subject is aware of involvement and participation	data produced by an experimental design. it could be quantitative or qualitative data depending on the investigation
1	0	experimental data	formal research studies, medical, social, surveys, lab tests, and other data collection	data produced by an experimental design. it could be quantitative or qualitative data depending on the investigation
0	0	experimental data	information that describes the result of a careful manipulation of the system under study	often collected in laboratory environments in the same way as in natural sciences
1	0	experimental data	often collected in laboratory environments in the same way as in natural sciences	data produced by an experimental design. it could be quantitative or qualitative data depending on the investigation
3	1	communication systems	e-systems that transmit data from one location to another can be wired or wireless	electronic systems that transmit data from one location to another
1	0	communication systems	a collection of compatible hardware, software, and transmission protocols which allow an exchange of information	e-systems that transmit data from one location to another can be wired or wireless
0	0	communication systems	using info provided from caller, dispatch will select the appropriate parts of emergency system needs to be activated	systems that transport massive information quickly without delay
1	0	communication systems	dispatcher sends correct responders dependant on call	using info provided from caller, dispatch will select the appropriate parts of emergency system needs to be activated
1	0	full control	users can view files and subfolders, read data in files, and change ntfs permissions.	enables users to have full control of the website.
1	0	full control	enables users to have full control of the website.	users can add, modify, move and delete files and change permissions for all files.
2	1	neural networks	data mining application used to predict values and make classifications such as &"good prospect&" or &"poor prospect&" customers.	popular supervised data-mining technique used to predict values and make classifications such as &"good prospect&" or &"poor prospect&" customers
2	1	neural networks	it attempts to emulate the way the human brain works	a type of artificial intelligence designed to work like the human brain: to learn through experience and store information using interconnected pathways (i.e. the human brain)
0	0	neural networks	a type of supervised learning that uses a complex set of nonlinear equations to make determinations like:good or bad customer	an ai system that can learn patterns and solve problems independently by processing many pieces of information simultaneously
2	1	neural networks	interconnected neural cells -with experience, networks can learn, as feedback strengthens or inhibits connections that produce certain results  ~john locke was kinda right	interconnected neural cells, built through experiences (and made possible by neuroplasticity and neural pruning); feedback strengthens or inhibits connections that produce certain results
2	1	neural networks	ai, when computers hunt down patterns and build multilayered relationships that humans cannot detect on their own	an ai system that examines data and hunts down and exposes patters, in order to build models to exploit findings
0	0	neural networks	2nd type of knowledge based systems, chains of computational units are used in attempt to imitate the biological reasoning process of the human mind	a system in which a long chain of computational decisions that feed into each other and eventually add up to produce the desired output is set up.
1	0	neural networks	a system in which a long chain of computational decisions that feed into each other and eventually add up to produce the desired output is set up.	use complex computations to replace partial functions of the human mind. works with weighted inputs
1	0	neural networks	a type of supervised learning that uses a complex set of nonlinear equations to make determinations like:good or bad customer	can process many pieces of data at the same time and learn to recognize patterns
1	0	neural networks	hardware and software that parallel patterns of the brain, good for complex problems; train the &"brain&" by feeding it data, and it learns against its mistakes	can process many pieces of data at the same time and learn to recognize patterns
0	0	neural networks	a type of supervised learning that uses a complex set of nonlinear equations to make determinations like:good or bad customer	hardware and software that parallel patterns of the brain, good for complex problems; train the &"brain&" by feeding it data, and it learns against its mistakes
2	1	neural networks	it attempts to emulate the way the human brain works	are software systems that can train themselves to make sense of the human world.
3	1	neural networks	popular supervised data-mining technique used to predict values and make classifications such as &"good prospect&" or &"poor prospect&" customers	supervised data mining that is used to predict values and make classifications
1	0	neural networks	2nd type of knowledge based systems, chains of computational units are used in attempt to imitate the biological reasoning process of the human mind	computer hardware and software systems that mimic the human brain's ability to recognize pattern or predict outcomes using less-than complete info
2	1	neural networks	an ai system that can learn patterns and solve problems independently by processing many pieces of information simultaneously	can process many pieces of data at the same time and learn to recognize patterns
1	0	neural networks	2nd type of knowledge based systems, chains of computational units are used in attempt to imitate the biological reasoning process of the human mind	use complex computations to replace partial functions of the human mind. works with weighted inputs
1	0	neural networks	mimic the way a human brain learns; constructed with a set of rules, but refines itself based on its decision success rate	creates model of human brain to predict values and make classification
0	0	neural networks	a type of supervised learning that uses a complex set of nonlinear equations to make determinations like:good or bad customer	computer hardware and software systems that mimic the human brain's ability to recognize pattern or predict outcomes using less-than complete info
1	0	neural networks	a type of supervised learning that uses a complex set of nonlinear equations to make determinations like:good or bad customer	2nd type of knowledge based systems, chains of computational units are used in attempt to imitate the biological reasoning process of the human mind
0	0	neural networks	can process many pieces of data at the same time and learn to recognize patterns	use complex computations to replace partial functions of the human mind. works with weighted inputs
0	0	neural networks	a system in which a long chain of computational decisions that feed into each other and eventually add up to produce the desired output is set up.	computer hardware and software systems that mimic the human brain's ability to recognize pattern or predict outcomes using less-than complete info
1	0	neural networks	feedback strengthens or inhibits connections that produce certain results. they work into groups of neuron and can remember	interconnected neural cells, built through experiences (and made possible by neuroplasticity and neural pruning); feedback strengthens or inhibits connections that produce certain results
0	0	neural networks	hidden layers used to combine/recombine factors at different weights &"learns&" to make associations and arrive at find outcome	an ai system that examines data and hunts down and exposes patters, in order to build models to exploit findings
3	1	neural networks	it attempts to emulate the way the human brain works	-attempts to work the same as human brain  -fuzzy logic
1	0	neural networks	hardware and software that parallel patterns of the brain, good for complex problems; train the &"brain&" by feeding it data, and it learns against its mistakes	an ai system that can learn patterns and solve problems independently by processing many pieces of information simultaneously
2	1	neural networks	an ai system that can learn patterns and solve problems independently by processing many pieces of information simultaneously	computer hardware and software systems that mimic the human brain's ability to recognize pattern or predict outcomes using less-than complete info
1	0	neural networks	a computing system modeled after the brain	an expert system in which the human brain's pattern-recognition process is emulated by the computer system.
3	1	neural networks	artificial intelligence system that examines data and hunts down and exposes patterns	an ai system that examines data and hunts down and exposes patters, in order to build models to exploit findings
1	0	neural networks	hidden layers used to combine/recombine factors at different weights &"learns&" to make associations and arrive at find outcome	ai, when computers hunt down patterns and build multilayered relationships that humans cannot detect on their own
1	0	neural networks	hardware and software that parallel patterns of the brain, good for complex problems; train the &"brain&" by feeding it data, and it learns against its mistakes	use complex computations to replace partial functions of the human mind. works with weighted inputs
0	0	neural networks	a type of supervised learning that uses a complex set of nonlinear equations to make determinations like:good or bad customer	uses computer circulatory to simulate the way in which a braid may process, learn and remember information
0	0	neural networks	uses computer circulatory to simulate the way in which a braid may process, learn and remember information	can process many pieces of data at the same time and learn to recognize patterns
0	0	neural networks	a system in which a long chain of computational decisions that feed into each other and eventually add up to produce the desired output is set up.	can process many pieces of data at the same time and learn to recognize patterns
1	0	neural networks	neurons work with nearby neurons; messages are passed to one another	neuron clusters into work groups, work with neray neurons with which they can have short, fast connections.
2	1	neural networks	-attempts to work the same as human brain  -fuzzy logic	a type of artificial intelligence designed to work like the human brain: to learn through experience and store information using interconnected pathways (i.e. the human brain)
0	0	neural networks	combine classical statistics with artificial intelligence to derive achievable insights from big data.	for highly nonlinear systems; data needs to be updated constantly; for when there are unexpected changes in input data; model will be difficult to interpret
3	1	neural networks	data mining application used to predict values and make classifications such as &"good prospect&" or &"poor prospect&" customers.	supervised data mining that is used to predict values and make classifications
0	0	neural networks	an ai system that can learn patterns and solve problems independently by processing many pieces of information simultaneously	use complex computations to replace partial functions of the human mind. works with weighted inputs
0	0	neural networks	computer hardware and software systems that mimic the human brain's ability to recognize pattern or predict outcomes using less-than complete info	use complex computations to replace partial functions of the human mind. works with weighted inputs
0	0	neural networks	2nd type of knowledge based systems, chains of computational units are used in attempt to imitate the biological reasoning process of the human mind	can process many pieces of data at the same time and learn to recognize patterns
1	0	neural networks	uses computer circulatory to simulate the way in which a braid may process, learn and remember information	a system in which a long chain of computational decisions that feed into each other and eventually add up to produce the desired output is set up.
0	0	neural networks	uses computer circulatory to simulate the way in which a braid may process, learn and remember information	hardware and software that parallel patterns of the brain, good for complex problems; train the &"brain&" by feeding it data, and it learns against its mistakes
2	1	neural networks	2nd type of knowledge based systems, chains of computational units are used in attempt to imitate the biological reasoning process of the human mind	an ai system that can learn patterns and solve problems independently by processing many pieces of information simultaneously
0	0	neural networks	artificial intelligence system that examines data and hunts down and exposes patterns	statistical techniques used in ai &  particularly in machine learning  - hunt down &  expose patterns, building multilayered relationships that humans can't detect on their own
1	0	neural networks	statistical techniques used in ai &  particularly in machine learning  - hunt down &  expose patterns, building multilayered relationships that humans can't detect on their own	an ai system that examines data and hunts down and exposes patters, in order to build models to exploit findings
1	0	neural networks	are software systems that can train themselves to make sense of the human world.	a type of artificial intelligence designed to work like the human brain: to learn through experience and store information using interconnected pathways (i.e. the human brain)
1	0	neural networks	uses computer circulatory to simulate the way in which a braid may process, learn and remember information	an ai system that can learn patterns and solve problems independently by processing many pieces of information simultaneously
1	0	neural networks	find patterns and relationships in massive amounts of data too complicated for humans to analyze	mimic the way the brain works, analyzing large quantities of data and information to establish patterns and infer relationships pattern recognition change as they learn
0	0	neural networks	a system in which a long chain of computational decisions that feed into each other and eventually add up to produce the desired output is set up.	an ai system that can learn patterns and solve problems independently by processing many pieces of information simultaneously
2	1	neural networks	a computing system modeled after the brain	computer system modeled on the human brain &  nervous system
0	0	neural networks	hidden layers used to combine/recombine factors at different weights &"learns&" to make associations and arrive at find outcome	statistical techniques used in ai &  particularly in machine learning  - hunt down &  expose patterns, building multilayered relationships that humans can't detect on their own
1	0	neural networks	-attempts to work the same as human brain  -fuzzy logic	are software systems that can train themselves to make sense of the human world.
1	0	neural networks	a type of supervised learning that uses a complex set of nonlinear equations to make determinations like:good or bad customer	use complex computations to replace partial functions of the human mind. works with weighted inputs
0	0	neural networks	artificial intelligence system that examines data and hunts down and exposes patterns	hidden layers used to combine/recombine factors at different weights &"learns&" to make associations and arrive at find outcome
2	1	neural networks	artificial intelligence system that examines data and hunts down and exposes patterns	ai, when computers hunt down patterns and build multilayered relationships that humans cannot detect on their own
1	0	neural networks	uses computer circulatory to simulate the way in which a braid may process, learn and remember information	computer hardware and software systems that mimic the human brain's ability to recognize pattern or predict outcomes using less-than complete info
1	0	neural networks	a type of supervised learning that uses a complex set of nonlinear equations to make determinations like:good or bad customer	a system in which a long chain of computational decisions that feed into each other and eventually add up to produce the desired output is set up.
2	1	neural networks	interconnected neural cells. with experience, networks can learn, as feedback strengthens or inhibits connections that produce certain results. computer simulations of neural networks show analogous learning.	a series of inter-connected neurons that are responsible for specific tasks and will grow and strengthen when new information is learned
1	0	neural networks	hardware and software that parallel patterns of the brain, good for complex problems; train the &"brain&" by feeding it data, and it learns against its mistakes	a system in which a long chain of computational decisions that feed into each other and eventually add up to produce the desired output is set up.
0	0	neural networks	uses computer circulatory to simulate the way in which a braid may process, learn and remember information	2nd type of knowledge based systems, chains of computational units are used in attempt to imitate the biological reasoning process of the human mind
0	0	neural networks	uses computer circulatory to simulate the way in which a braid may process, learn and remember information	use complex computations to replace partial functions of the human mind. works with weighted inputs
2	1	flash memory	solid-state memory used as low cost secondary storage in portable devices and as removable memory	this is memory which can be programmed electrically but then keeps its data when the power is turned off
0	0	flash memory	non-volatile can be changed used in usb storage drives portable can be damaged	type memory that can be erased electronically and rewritten. (not as reliable as optical disks for long term storage.)
1	0	flash memory	type of memory card for storing files. as an external device, used in usb flash drives. also used in solid state drives.	these drives plug into the computer's usb ports and have memory capacities of up to many gigabytes.
2	1	flash memory	non volatile storage which is stored electronically which can be erased and reprogrammed at any time. it is a type of eeprom but on a larger faster scale	any non-volitile memory type. it isn't fast enough to replace ram. examples include dvds and usbs
1	0	flash memory	based on eeprom technology	any non-volitile memory type. it isn't fast enough to replace ram. examples include dvds and usbs
0	0	flash memory	nonvolatile memory chips that can be used for storage by the computer or suer; can be built into a computer or a storage medium.	solid-state memory used as low cost secondary storage in portable devices and as removable memory
1	0	flash memory	usb pen drives, memory cards, (sd, micro sd etc). slower than ssd, shorter read/write life. very portable. very durable.	type of memory storage that is often used in portable devices such as usb flash drives, laptops, and pdas
2	1	flash memory	fm is permanent storage or non-volatile memory, meaning changes to the disk are permanent and are preserved regardless of whether the computer has power	a kind of memory that retains data in the absence of a power supply
1	0	flash memory	-non-volatile -commonly used in devices such as : flash drives digital cameras(sd cards) mp3 players	type of memory card for storing files. as an external device, used in usb flash drives. also used in solid state drives.
1	0	flash memory	memory that retains data without a power supply.	common type of non-volatile memory, used in usb sticks, memory cards, solid state drives -  good for transportation memory - programmed electrically but keeps data when power off
2	1	flash memory	-non-volatile -commonly used in devices such as : flash drives digital cameras(sd cards) mp3 players	these drives plug into the computer's usb ports and have memory capacities of up to many gigabytes.
1	0	flash memory	flash memory is a memory storage in which can be electrically erased and reprogrammed	a type of electronically-erasable programmable read-only memory (eeprom) stores data in electrical circuits by trapping electrons and is non-volatile can be erased or changed found in many data storage devices
1	0	flash memory	a solid-state (no moving parts) storage medium that uses electrical charges to write and erase data	long term data storage, without power
1	0	flash memory	flash memory is a memory storage in which can be electrically erased and reprogrammed	nonvolatile memory which can be programmed electrically, e.g. ssds, usbs and memory cards.
1	0	flash memory	the memory usb drives use to store data	these drives plug into the computer's usb ports and have memory capacities of up to many gigabytes.
2	1	flash memory	circuits that traps electrons in tiny silicon dioxide chambers repeated erasing slowly damages the media	a mass storage device that traps electrons in tiny chambers of silicon dioxide
2	1	flash memory	can be erased and written in blocks or pages, ssd	can be erased and written in blocks, not the whole thing like eeprom.
1	0	flash memory	memory that retains data without a power supply.	solid-state memory used as low cost secondary storage in portable devices and as removable memory
2	1	flash memory	common type of non-volatile memory, used in usb sticks, memory cards, solid state drives -  good for transportation memory - programmed electrically but keeps data when power off	solid-state memory used as low cost secondary storage in portable devices and as removable memory
3	1	flash memory	memory that retains data without a power supply.	this is memory which can be programmed electrically but then keeps its data when the power is turned off
3	1	flash memory	offers a combination of features of ram and rom. like ram it can be updated, and like rom it does not lose information when the computer is turned off.	offers combination of ram and rom like ram, can be updated to store new info like rom, does not lose info when power is off; stores bios
0	0	flash memory	a technology for storing data in an electronic format which is used for memory cards	store data in a special type of memory
3	1	flash memory	offers a combination of features of ram and rom. like ram it can be updated, and like rom it does not lose information when the computer is turned off.	combination of ram and rom features; and can be updated to store new information
0	0	flash memory	nonvolatile memory chips that can be used for storage by the computer or suer; can be built into a computer or a storage medium.	common type of non-volatile memory, used in usb sticks, memory cards, solid state drives -  good for transportation memory - programmed electrically but keeps data when power off
2	1	flash memory	a type of memory that can be erased electronically and rewritten.	-can be erased electronically and rewritten -non-volatile -doesn't require battery
1	0	flash memory	non volatile storage which is stored electronically which can be erased and reprogrammed at any time. it is a type of eeprom but on a larger faster scale	combines ram and rom, where you can read and modify its contents, but does not need an external power supply
1	0	flash memory	-non-volatile -commonly used in devices such as : flash drives digital cameras(sd cards) mp3 players	the memory usb drives use to store data
1	0	flash memory	storage medium that has no moving parts and stores data in electronic cells.	long term data storage, without power
2	1	flash memory	offers combination of ram and rom like ram, can be updated to store new info like rom, does not lose info when power is off; stores bios	combination of ram and rom features; and can be updated to store new information
2	1	flash memory	nonvolatile memory chips that can be used for storage by the computer or suer; can be built into a computer or a storage medium.	this is memory which can be programmed electrically but then keeps its data when the power is turned off
2	1	flash memory	slow rewrite time compared to ram. faster and smaller than disks, but more expensive. useful for non-volatile portable computer storage.	&"solid state (no moving parts). faster than a hard disk drive. robust. used to store the bios.&"
1	0	flash memory	non-volatile computer memory that can be electrically erased and reprogrammed. two main types are nand and nor	a type of electronically-erasable programmable read-only memory (eeprom) stores data in electrical circuits by trapping electrons and is non-volatile can be erased or changed found in many data storage devices
0	0	flash memory	nonvolatile memory chips that can be used for storage by the computer or suer; can be built into a computer or a storage medium.	memory that retains data without a power supply.
1	0	flash memory	&"solid state (no moving parts). faster than a hard disk drive. robust. used to store the bios.&"	slower than ram but is faster than a magnetic hard disk so a good option for secondary storage.
1	0	flash memory	a type of memory that is easily able to use electricity to alter the contents instantly	disadvantages:  ~ their storage capacity is not yet comparable to the capacity of modern hard disks ~ different memory card formats require different readers
1	0	flash memory	- type of nonvolatile memory that can be erased electronically and rewritten. - read times longer - large voltages	type of nonvolatile memory that can be erased electronically and rewritten (can be done in blocks or pages)  ex. nand flash (memory cards, thumb drives, mobile devices, and ssd
3	1	flash memory	nonvolatile memory which can be programmed electrically, e.g. ssds, usbs and memory cards.	non-volatile computer memory that can be electrically erased and reprogrammed. two main types are nand and nor
1	0	flash memory	refers to a solid state memory device. solid state means there is no moving parts (nonvolatile)	a type of electrical memory storage often used in usb thumb drives or solid-state drives.
3	1	system software	the set of programs that helps run the computer and coordinates instructions between application software and the computer's hardware devices	helps run the computer and coordinate instructions between application and the computer's hardware
3	1	system software	software that includes operating systems, utilities, and middleware that coordinate the activities and functions of the hardware and other programs throughout the computer systems.	usually preinstalled (operating system and utility programs and windows) includes software that helps run the computer and coordinate instructions between application software and the computer's hardware devices.
2	1	system software	the software that runs the computer, and includes the operating system and utility programs.	programs that control and manage the basic operations of a computer; includes operating systems, utility programs, and software development tools
0	0	system software	handles tasks specific to technology management and coordinates the interaction of all technology devices. examples: operating system softwares: microsoft windows home, mac os, etc.	helps the computer monitor itself in order to function efficiently   makes operating system: master controller of all computer activities  microsoft windows, mac os, ios, android
2	1	system software	the programs that manage a computer, in contrast to application software	comprises the programs that you use to manage your computer.
2	1	system software	works with end users, application software and computer hardware	serves as the interface between the user, the application software, and the computer's hardware; utility programs
2	1	system software	programs or &"background&" software that enable the application software to interact with the computer hardware. the operating system is the most important system software.	-enables application software to interact with the computer  -&"background&" software that helps the computer manage its resources
2	1	system software	programs that control and manage the basic operation of a computer	programs designed to control the computer
3	1	system software	a computer program that is designed to run a computer's hardware and application programs.  (e.g. microsoft windows, macos, linux, firewall.)	a type of computer program that is designed to run a computer's hardware and application programs. popular operating systems are windows, ios, and linux.
3	1	system software	is used to manage and control the resources of the system. operating systems are the most common form.	software to manage and control all functions within the computer.  encompasses the following software: - operating (os) - utility (a/v) - configuration and maintenance - machine language translation
1	0	system software	includes four types of software: the operating system utility programs device drivers programs	includes the operating system and all utility programs that enable the computer to operate its hardware and applications software
2	1	system software	software designed to run or maintain a computer system (e.g: the os, utility programs)	type of software that is categorized as operating system os software and utility programs. the system that runs a computer.
2	1	system software	computer programs that coordinate the activities and functions of the hardware and other programs. it includes: (i) operating systems (ii) utilities (iii)middleware	usually preinstalled (operating system and utility programs and windows) includes software that helps run the computer and coordinate instructions between application software and the computer's hardware devices.
2	1	system software	software responsible for the general operation of a computer system, including the operation of hardware, running application software, and file management  ex:  microsoft windows  mac os x	software responsible for the general operation of a computer system, including the operation of hardware, running application software, and file management phan mem he thong
1	0	system software	system software is software needed to run the computer's hardware and application programs. this includes the os and utility programs.	software responsible for the general operation of a computer system, including the operation of hardware, running application software, and file management
2	1	system software	manages basic computer operations such as startup, controls access to system resources, and manages computer memory files	consists of programs for performing utility functions needed by many application programs, allocating computer resources to application programs, and managing computer resources.
1	0	system software	control the computer and keeps it running, could be the operating system or bios	a thing that controls the computer and keep it running
3	1	system software	software responsible for the general operation of a computer system, including the operation of hardware, running application software, and file management  ex:  microsoft windows  mac os x	software responsible for the general operation of a computer system, including the operation of hardware, running application software, and file management. examples are windows, linux, android
3	1	system software	includes all the programs that control the basic functions of a computer, operating systems, programming software device drivers and utilities.	programs that control and manage the basic operations of a computer; includes operating systems, utility programs, and software development tools
2	1	system software	the software that runs a computer, including the operating system.	runs a computer and includes the operating system and utility program.
2	1	system software	controls hardware, provides interface between user+hardware, runs applications	software that operates the computer hardware and provides a platform for running application software.
2	1	system software	the set of programs that enables a computer's hardware devices and application software to work together; it includes the operations system and utility programs.	software responsible for the general operation of a computer system, including the operation of hardware, running application software, and file management
3	1	system software	runs the computer/coordinates instructions between application software/the computer's hardware device	helps run the computer and coordinate instructions between application and the computer's hardware
2	1	system software	the programs that provide the infrastructure and hardware control necessary for the computer and its peripheral devices.	operating system, utility, and device driver software
3	1	system software	software that helps run the computer and coordinant instructions between application software and the computers hardware devices (operating system &  utility programs)	the set of programs that enables a computer's hardware devices and application software to work together; it includes the operations system and utility programs.
1	0	system software	-general purpose  example: operating system (windows)	helps computers carry out basic operating functions.
1	0	system software	coordinates instructions between software and hardware closest to the hardware includes operating system utility programs device drivers	controls the hardware and how all o5er software work.
3	1	system software	software responsible for the general operation of a computer system, including the operation of hardware, running application software, and file management. examples are windows, linux, android	software responsible for the general operation of a computer system, including the operation of hardware, running application software, and file management phan mem he thong
2	1	system software	-controls computer hardware operations -manages keyboard, mouse, printer	controls computer software  operating systems manages hard drives and storage  manages keyboards, mouse, monitor, and printers  coordinates application access to computing resources
0	0	system software	helps the computer monitor itself in order to function efficiently   makes operating system: master controller of all computer activities  microsoft windows, mac os, ios, android	- communicates with the hardware operating system, responsible for resource allocation (allocation of the available memory or computing time) (e.g. ms windows, mac os x windows mobile, android, ios
2	1	system software	programs that control and support operations of a computer system.	programs that control or maintain the operations
2	1	system software	computer programs that coordinate the activities and functions of the hardware and other programs. it includes: (i) operating systems (ii) utilities (iii)middleware	systems software includes the operating system and all utility programs that enables the computer to operate its hardware and applications software.
3	1	system software	includes programs that control and manage basic computer operations  operating systems  utility programs  software development tools	programs that control and manage the basic operations of a computer; includes operating systems, utility programs, and software development tools
2	1	system software	set of programs that control or enhance the operation of a computer	it is a set of one or more programs designed to control the operations and extend the processing capabilities of computer system.
3	1	system software	usually preinstalled (operating system and utility programs and windows) includes software that helps run the computer and coordinate instructions between application software and the computer's hardware devices.	includes operating systems, utilities, and middleware that coordinate the activities and functions of the hardware and other programs
0	0	system software	the set of programs that enables a computer's hardware devices and application software to work together; it includes the operating system (os) and utility programs.	controls the hardware and how all o5er software work.
3	1	system software	comprises the programs you use to manage your computer, including  operating systems such as windows, linux, or unix.	a software such as operating systems like windows, linux, or unix.
2	1	system software	term for complicated set of programs that allow a computer and other programs, to function	collective term for computer programs that carry out tasks that are not directly useful, but that facilitate the development or use of other software.
3	1	system software	-controls the operations of computer hardware -includes operating systems (os), utilities, and middleware that coordinate the activities and functions of the hardware and other programs	computer programs that coordinate the activities and functions of the hardware and other programs. it includes: (i) operating systems (ii) utilities (iii)middleware
2	1	system software	directly operates the computer hardware to provide basic functionality needed by users and other software, and to provide a platform for running application software	manages and operates the computer hardware, providing a platform for application software
3	1	system software	controls the operations of hardware in a computer and provides a platform to run application software	software that operates the computer hardware and provides a platform for running application software.
1	0	system software	the software that runs the computer, and includes the operating system and utility programs.	includes programs that control and manage basic computer operations  operating systems  utility programs  software development tools
2	1	system software	systems software includes the operating system and all utility programs that enables the computer to operate its hardware and applications software.	includes operating systems, utilities, and middleware that coordinate the activities and functions of the hardware and other programs
2	1	system software	programs that support the execution and development of other programs, controls the basic functions of a computer, usually pre-installed	includes programs that control and manage basic computer operations  operating systems  utility programs  software development tools
3	1	system software	programs used on a computer which includes operating systems and any program that supports application software	programs that run computer and support system management (operating system is most important)
2	1	system software	a program that controls operations and maintenance of a computer and its peripherals; includes operating system software and utility programs.	a collection of programs designed to operate, control and extend the processing capabilities of the computer itself
2	1	system software	programs that manage the computer hardware and the programs that run on them	describes the programs that operate the computer.
1	0	system software	things that can help control your computer like the operating system or bios	a thing that controls the computer and keep it running
3	1	system software	software that includes operating systems, utilities, and middleware that coordinate the activities and functions of the hardware and other programs throughout the computer systems.	systems software includes the operating system and all utility programs that enables the computer to operate its hardware and applications software.
0	0	system software	collective term for computer programs that carry out tasks that are not directly useful, but that facilitate the development or use of other software.	enables the computer to perform essential operating tasks
1	0	system software	the software that runs the computer, and includes the operating system and utility programs.	programs that support the execution and development of other programs, controls the basic functions of a computer, usually pre-installed
1	0	system software	controls the hardware and how all o5er software work.	includes the operating system and all utility programs that enable the computer to operate its hardware and applications software
2	1	system software	programs that support the execution and development of other programs, controls the basic functions of a computer, usually pre-installed	includes all the programs that control the basic functions of a computer, operating systems, programming software device drivers and utilities.
3	1	system software	comprises the programs you use to manage your computer, including  operating systems such as windows, linux, or unix.	consists of programs controlling the operations of a computer and its devices - include windows, linux, or osx
3	1	system software	runs the computer/coordinates instructions between application software/the computer's hardware device	software that helps run the computer and allows application software and the computer's hardware to work together.
2	1	system software	programs that control the operations of the computer and its devices, serves as the interface between the user, the application software, and the computer's hardware.	programs that control computer operations, serves as the interface between the user and the computer
1	0	system software	includes operating systems and any program that supports application software	programs that run computer and support system management (operating system is most important)
3	1	system software	general purpose software which is used to operate computer hardware. it provides platform to run application softwares.	computer software designed to operate the computer hardware and provide a platform for running application software
1	0	system software	programs which run the computer and which call up the application software when it is needed	software that helps run the computer and coordinant instructions between application software and the computers hardware devices (operating system &  utility programs)
3	1	system software	-controls the operations of computer hardware -includes operating systems (os), utilities, and middleware that coordinate the activities and functions of the hardware and other programs	includes operating systems, utilities, and middleware that coordinate the activities and functions of the hardware and other programs
3	1	system software	software that helps run the computer and coordinant instructions between application software and the computers hardware devices (operating system &  utility programs)	system software is software needed to run the computer's hardware and application programs. this includes the os and utility programs.
0	0	system software	refers to the files and programs that make up your computer's operating system	different types of programs used on a computer.
1	0	system software	programs which run the computer and which call up the application software when it is needed	the set of programs that enables a computer's hardware devices and application software to work together; it includes the operations system and utility programs.
1	0	system software	includes four types of software: the operating system utility programs device drivers programs	controls the hardware and how all o5er software work.
2	1	system software	the set of programs that enables a computer's hardware devices and application software to work together; it includes the operating system (os) and utility programs.	includes the operating system and all utility programs that enable the computer to operate its hardware and applications software
3	1	system software	programs which run the computer and which call up the application software when it is needed	performs a computer task, controls the operations of computer software, support application programs
2	1	system software	-controls the operations of computer hardware -includes operating systems (os), utilities, and middleware that coordinate the activities and functions of the hardware and other programs	usually preinstalled (operating system and utility programs and windows) includes software that helps run the computer and coordinate instructions between application software and the computer's hardware devices.
3	1	system software	software that includes operating systems, utilities, and middleware that coordinate the activities and functions of the hardware and other programs throughout the computer systems.	computer programs that coordinate the activities and functions of the hardware and other programs. it includes: (i) operating systems (ii) utilities (iii)middleware
3	1	system software	coordinates instructions between software and hardware closest to the hardware includes operating system utility programs device drivers	the set of programs that enables a computer's hardware devices and application software to work together; it includes the operating system (os) and utility programs.
3	1	system software	programs that allow the hardware to run properly and allow the user to communicate with the computer	software that allow hardware to run properly and allow user to communicate with the computer. comprised of operating system, utilities and devise drivers.
3	1	system software	general purpose software which is used to operate computer hardware. it provides platform to run application softwares.	designed to operate and control the computer hardware and provide a platform for application software
1	0	system software	-general purpose  example: operating system (windows)	computer programs, such as an operating systems or utility software that help the computer carry out essential operating tasks
3	1	system software	the set of programs that helps run the computer and coordinates instructions between application software and the computer's hardware devices	software that helps run the computer and allows application software and the computer's hardware to work together.
1	0	system software	the set of programs that enables a computer's hardware devices and application software to work together; it includes the operations system and utility programs.	performs a computer task, controls the operations of computer software, support application programs
0	0	system software	performs a computer task, controls the operations of computer software, support application programs	system software is software needed to run the computer's hardware and application programs. this includes the os and utility programs.
3	1	system software	a collection of computer programs that manage the resources of a computer and facilitate access to those resources	collection of computer programs that manage and facilitate access to computer resources. (not to be confused with application software)
3	1	system software	manages and operates the computer hardware, providing a platform for application software	it helps the hardware work together &  provide support for the execution of application software.
3	1	system software	it is a set of one or more programs designed to control the operations and extend the processing capabilities of computer system.	a collection of programs designed to operate, control and extend the processing capabilities of the computer itself
3	1	system software	computer programs that coordinate the activities and functions of the hardware and other programs. it includes: (i) operating systems (ii) utilities (iii)middleware	includes operating systems, utilities, and middleware that coordinate the activities and functions of the hardware and other programs
2	1	system software	a program that controls operations and maintenance of a computer and its peripherals; includes operating system software and utility programs.	set of programs that control or enhance the operation of a computer
2	1	system software	software that includes operating systems, utilities, and middleware that coordinate the activities and functions of the hardware and other programs throughout the computer systems.	-controls the operations of computer hardware -includes operating systems (os), utilities, and middleware that coordinate the activities and functions of the hardware and other programs
3	1	system software	includes all the programs that control the basic functions of a computer, operating systems, programming software device drivers and utilities.	includes programs that control and manage basic computer operations  operating systems  utility programs  software development tools
1	0	system software	programs which run the computer and which call up the application software when it is needed	system software is software needed to run the computer's hardware and application programs. this includes the os and utility programs.
3	1	system software	comprises the programs tha tyo uuse to manage your computer, including operating systems such as windows or unix and other utility programs not directly used by end users	programs that &"manage&" a computer, including operating systems such as windows or unix and other utility programs not directly used by end users
3	1	system software	things that can help control your computer like the operating system or bios	control the computer and keeps it running, could be the operating system or bios
3	1	system software	controls hardware, provides interface between user+hardware, runs applications	controls the operations of hardware in a computer and provides a platform to run application software
0	0	system software	software is used to operate and maintain the computer system	software on a computer that is designed to control and work with computer hardware  - often called utility software
1	0	system software	program designed to run a computer and send instructions between applications and hardware.	system software is a type of computer program that is designed to run a computer's hardware and application programs. it includes the os, utility programs and translators
1	0	system software	the operating system and all utility programs that manage computer resources	helps computers carry out basic operating functions.
2	1	system software	it is a type of computer program that is designed to run a computer's hardware and application programs.	program designed to run a computer and send instructions between applications and hardware.
2	1	system software	consists of programs controlling the operations of a computer and its devices - include windows, linux, or osx	a software such as operating systems like windows, linux, or unix.
3	1	system software	the set of programs that enables a computer's hardware devices and application software to work together; it includes the operations system and utility programs.	system software is software needed to run the computer's hardware and application programs. this includes the os and utility programs.
1	0	system software	have direct control	software that controls the hardware and how all other software works.
3	1	system software	the software that runs the computer, and includes the operating system and utility programs.	includes all the programs that control the basic functions of a computer, operating systems, programming software device drivers and utilities.
2	1	system software	-general purpose  example: operating system (windows)	the operating system and all utility programs that manage computer resources
3	1	system software	helps run the computer and coordinate instructions between application and the computer's hardware	software that helps run the computer and allows application software and the computer's hardware to work together.
1	0	system software	performs a computer task, controls the operations of computer software, support application programs	software responsible for the general operation of a computer system, including the operation of hardware, running application software, and file management
0	0	block size	the size of each encrypted block in a message. best to have 64 bit block size because maintaining a 2^64 entry table for plaintext cipher text pairs is infeasible.	all data is divided into blocks of a common size (usually 4kb or something)
0	0	block size	the size of each encrypted block in a message. best to have 64 bit block size because maintaining a 2^64 entry table for plaintext cipher text pairs is infeasible.	how each data segment is split to utilize space, yet not have too many reads for a single operation
1	0	block size	how each data segment is split to utilize space, yet not have too many reads for a single operation	is a multiple of fixed sector size
0	0	block size	the size of each encrypted block in a message. best to have 64 bit block size because maintaining a 2^64 entry table for plaintext cipher text pairs is infeasible.	is a multiple of fixed sector size
1	0	block size	all data is divided into blocks of a common size (usually 4kb or something)	how each data segment is split to utilize space, yet not have too many reads for a single operation
1	0	block size	all data is divided into blocks of a common size (usually 4kb or something)	is a multiple of fixed sector size
1	0	data cubes	representation of high-dimensional data support hierarchical operations (like sum, avg) or roll up or drill down	are multidimensional sets of data that can be stored in a spreadsheet, providing a means to summarize information from the raw data source
3	1	mobile phone	a phone, such as a cellular or satellite phone, that uses a wireless network.	phones that use a wireless telephone network to communicate instead of the regular telephone network
2	1	mobile phone	a telephone that you can carry everywhere with you; like a cell phone	a telephone that you can carry everywhere with you and what it did for the country is be able to vastly communicate around the world easier
1	0	maximum likelihood	likelihood us typically very small, so we often use log(likelihood). less negative values are more likely.	generally consistent, (statistically) efficient, and asymptotically normal  work well with small sample sizes  least efficient computationally (but not really an issue now)
1	0	maximum likelihood	looks to minimize the model parameters such that the processes described in the model would be able to describe already collected data	general approach used to fit many non-linear models,
1	0	maximum likelihood	general approach used to fit many non-linear models,	a method that finds the set of parameter values for which a model is most likely to generate the actual values of the data.
1	0	maximum likelihood	maximize the likelihood of the training data according to model	maximizes the agreement between the statistical model and the observed data - based on the model and its assumptions.
1	0	maximum likelihood	looks to minimize the model parameters such that the processes described in the model would be able to describe already collected data	a method that finds the set of parameter values for which a model is most likely to generate the actual values of the data.
0	0	quantitative analysis	-selected behaviors -method of data analysis depends on measurement scale used to record behavior	numbers are used to describe data
2	1	quantitative analysis	measurement of the quantities of particular constituents present in a substance	indicates the amount of each substance in a sample
1	0	quantitative analysis	based on numbers and results in either dollar or percentage amounts; usually forms basis of opinions	uses specific numeric or measurable data; however, managers cannot always ascertain as to why an event is occurring or how it will occur.
1	0	quantitative analysis	ensuring the use of valid, reliable, and objectively measurable data in order to understand a phenomenon	objective, valid, reliable, and measurable data
0	0	quantitative analysis	process of determining the identity of the constituents of a substance, solution, matrix, etc. (what is &"it&")	identifying how much is present
1	0	quantitative analysis	numerical representation of observations purpose- describe/explain phenomena converting data into numbers	analysis using objective data
1	0	quantitative analysis	records missing the quality criterion of  completeness  will fail i.e. missing h& p	method used by health professionals to detect whether elements of a pts health record are missing.
3	1	quantitative analysis	review of the mr to determine its completeness and accuracy	review of the medical record to determine its completeness and accuracy (missing reports or signatures.
1	0	quantitative analysis	studying how much of a particular substance our sample contains	in reference to quality--determining how much of a substance is present in a material.
1	0	quantitative analysis	a physics laws based numeric evaluation of the motion based on data collected during the performance	techniques to transform data into numerical forms and run statistical analyses  goals: compute m, m, m.   read and interpret biv. table
0	0	quantitative analysis	is based on specific, not subjective, information. businesses can obtain specific information through a method of closed questions.	uses specific numeric or measurable data; however, managers cannot always ascertain as to why an event is occurring or how it will occur.
1	0	quantitative analysis	a form of analysis that aims for the mathematical discernment of relationships between variables, typically involving a large number of cases or observations	the numerical representation and manipulation of observations for the purpose of describing and explaining the phenomena that those observations reflect.
2	1	quantitative analysis	method to detect whether elements of patients health record are missing	method used by health professionals to detect whether elements of a pts health record are missing.
0	0	quantitative analysis	techniques to transform data into numerical forms and run statistical analyses  goals: compute m, m, m.   read and interpret biv. table	provides systematic methods that allow us to calculate performance measures given data about the performance of individual activities and resources in the process
1	0	quantitative analysis	used by health information management professionals as a method to detect whether elements of the patient's health record are missing	a review of the health record to determine its completeness and accuracy. analyzed for any missing parts of a mr or any missing signatures.
2	1	quantitative analysis	identifying how much is present	process of measuring how much of a constituent is present in a substance
0	0	quantitative analysis	a physics laws based numeric evaluation of the motion based on data collected during the performance	is a scientific approach to managerial decision making in which raw data are processed and manipulated to produce meaningful information
1	0	quantitative analysis	a physics laws based numeric evaluation of the motion based on data collected during the performance	numbers are used to describe data
0	0	quantitative analysis	provides systematic methods that allow us to calculate performance measures given data about the performance of individual activities and resources in the process	is a scientific approach to managerial decision making in which raw data are processed and manipulated to produce meaningful information
1	0	quantitative analysis	identifying how much is present	indicates the amount of each substance in a sample
0	0	quantitative analysis	records missing the quality criterion of  completeness  will fail i.e. missing h& p	a review of the health record to determine its completeness and accuracy; a method to detect whether elements of the health record are missing
0	0	quantitative analysis	-selected behaviors -method of data analysis depends on measurement scale used to record behavior	techniques to transform data into numerical forms and run statistical analyses  goals: compute m, m, m.   read and interpret biv. table
0	0	quantitative analysis	numbers are used to describe data	provides systematic methods that allow us to calculate performance measures given data about the performance of individual activities and resources in the process
2	1	quantitative analysis	process of measuring how much of a constituent is present in a substance	indicates the amount of each substance in a sample
1	0	quantitative analysis	records missing the quality criterion of  completeness  will fail i.e. missing h& p	a review of the health record to determine its completeness and accuracy. analyzed for any missing parts of a mr or any missing signatures.
2	1	quantitative analysis	identifying how much is present	determines how much of a given substance is present
2	1	quantitative analysis	measurement of the quantities of particular constituents present in a substance	identifying how much is present
1	0	quantitative analysis	numbers are used to describe data	is a scientific approach to managerial decision making in which raw data are processed and manipulated to produce meaningful information
1	0	quantitative analysis	techniques to transform data into numerical forms and run statistical analyses  goals: compute m, m, m.   read and interpret biv. table	is a scientific approach to managerial decision making in which raw data are processed and manipulated to produce meaningful information
1	0	quantitative analysis	the type of analysis that is making sure that the record is accurate and complete	the viwier determins whter or not the reports are present or absent from health record
0	0	quantitative analysis	-selected behaviors -method of data analysis depends on measurement scale used to record behavior	is a scientific approach to managerial decision making in which raw data are processed and manipulated to produce meaningful information
0	0	quantitative analysis	-selected behaviors -method of data analysis depends on measurement scale used to record behavior	a physics laws based numeric evaluation of the motion based on data collected during the performance
3	1	quantitative analysis	medical record review for completeness.	review of the medical record to determine its completeness and accuracy.
1	0	load balancing	efficiently distributing incoming network traffic across a group of backend servers	an automatic distribution of traffic over multiple links or processors to optimize response. divides traffic between network interfaces on per network socket (osi model layer 4) basis
3	1	load balancing	aka content switching: - automatic traffic distribution over multiple components or links to optimize performance and fault tolerance	also called content switching. it is a distribution of traffic over multiple components or links to optimize performance and fault tolerance.
0	0	load balancing	two peer servers share the network load, and one does everything if one dies	the transfer of visitor inquiries from a busy server to a less busy server
2	1	load balancing	efficiently distributing incoming network traffic across a group of backend servers	splits traffic to a heavily used target between multiple servers and provides a common address to those servers.
1	0	load balancing	distributes workloads across multiple computing resources, such as computers	distributes workloads across multiple computers to optimize resources and throughput for preventing a single device from being overwhelmed
0	0	load balancing	improves the distribution of workloads across multiple computing resources, such as computers, a computer cluster, network links, central processing units, or disk drives	distributes workloads across multiple computing resources, such as computers
1	0	load balancing	improves the distribution of workloads across multiple computing resources, such as computers, a computer cluster, network links, central processing units, or disk drives	distributes workloads across multiple computers to optimize resources and throughput for preventing a single device from being overwhelmed
0	0	load balancing	distributing traffic between two or more interfaces, thus increasing the overall network throughput a server is capable of maintaining.	splits traffic to a heavily used target between multiple servers and provides a common address to those servers.
1	0	load balancing	the process of taking several servers and making them look like a single server, spreading processing and to supporting bandwidth needs.	the transfer of visitor inquiries from a busy server to a less busy server
2	1	load balancing	performance measure - work should be shared between hosts	performance metric where balance the load between hosts so that no host does all the work while others stand idle
2	1	load balancing	also called content switching. it is a distribution of traffic over multiple components or links to optimize performance and fault tolerance.	traffic distribution over multiple components or links to optimize performance and fault tolerance
0	0	load balancing	division of work across multiple computers. added benefit of providing high-availability and fault tolerance.	spread total work among multiple processors so they all do the same amount of work and all the work gets done at the same time.
1	0	load balancing	dividing traffic across routers in order not to overload any single route.	an automatic distribution of traffic over multiple links or processors to optimize response. divides traffic between network interfaces on per network socket (osi model layer 4) basis
1	0	load balancing	two peer servers share the network load, and one does everything if one dies	the process of taking several servers and making them look like a single server, spreading processing and to supporting bandwidth needs.
3	1	load balancing	the processes (or subprocesses) may be distributed across the network to even the workload.	attempts to keep workload evenly distributed.
2	1	load balancing	splits traffic to a heavily used target between multiple servers and provides a common address to those servers.	an automatic distribution of traffic over multiple links or processors to optimize response. divides traffic between network interfaces on per network socket (osi model layer 4) basis
3	1	load balancing	attempts to keep workload evenly distributed.	distribute process across network to even the workload
3	1	load balancing	the processes (or subprocesses) may be distributed across the network to even the workload.	distribute process across network to even the workload
1	0	flow control	prevents overwhelming the receiver in data link and end to end control in transport	dest tells src not to send faster than it can read
3	1	flow control	ensures that, while data hops from nose to nose as it makes it's way across the network, one node does not overwhelm the next node with too much data	the management of data flow between devices in a network. it is used to avoid too much data arriving before a device can handle it, causing data overflow.
2	1	flow control	the management of data flow between devices in a network. it is used to avoid too much data arriving before a device can handle it, causing data overflow.	a mechanism network protocol used to prevent a destination device from becoming overwhelmed by data from a transmitting computer, resulting in dropped packets.
2	1	flow control	limits the amount of data a sender can send at one time; this prevents the receiver from being overwhelmed with too much information.	coordinates the amount of data that can be sent before receiving acknowledgement. it is one of the most important functions of data link layer.
0	0	flow control	only allow a limited amount of data buffered at the sender and receiver sockets. sends will block once the sender buffer is full - used in tcp	receiver controls sender, so sender won't overflow receiver's buffer by transmitting too much, too fast
2	1	flow control	ensures that, while data hops from nose to nose as it makes it's way across the network, one node does not overwhelm the next node with too much data	ensuring that sender is not transmitting too quickly for the receiver
2	1	flow control	management of data flow between computers or devices or between nodes in a network so that data can be handled at an efficient pace	the management of data flow between devices in a network. it is used to avoid too much data arriving before a device can handle it, causing data overflow.
1	0	flow control	a class of technique for optimizing the exchange of data between systems.	a network protocol that allows a destination of data to request transmission rates that match its capabilities to process the data
1	0	flow control	a class of technique for optimizing the exchange of data between systems.	-allows routers to limit the rate they receive data -send flow control packets requesting reduced data flow
0	0	flow control	a method of gauging the appropriate rate of data transmission based on how fast the recipient can accept data.	procedures to restrict the amount of data that can be sent without being acknowledged.
0	0	flow control	ensures that packets are not dropped because too much data is being sent	how much information can be sent (size) and the speed that it can be delivered.
1	0	flow control	ensures that, while data hops from nose to nose as it makes it's way across the network, one node does not overwhelm the next node with too much data	management of data flow between computers or devices or between nodes in a network so that data can be handled at an efficient pace
0	0	flow control	the process of managing the rate of data transmission between two nodes to prevent a fast sender from overwhelming a slow receiver.	dest tells src not to send faster than it can read
1	0	flow control	ensures that, while data hops from nose to nose as it makes it's way across the network, one node does not overwhelm the next node with too much data	a mechanism network protocol used to prevent a destination device from becoming overwhelmed by data from a transmitting computer, resulting in dropped packets.
2	1	flow control	ensuring that sender is not transmitting too quickly for the receiver	a mechanism network protocol used to prevent a destination device from becoming overwhelmed by data from a transmitting computer, resulting in dropped packets.
1	0	flow control	limits the amount of data a sender can send	control packet flow so sender doesn't transmit more packets than a receiver can process
2	1	flow control	protocol used in data communications to manage flow of data among 2 different network devices, especially where the sending device can send data much faster than the receiver can interpret	the management of data flow between devices in a network. it is used to avoid too much data arriving before a device can handle it, causing data overflow.
0	0	equivalence classes	set of values in a quasi partition that behave in a similar way  helps avoid redundancy while still complete testing	constructed so that elements a and b belong to the same class iff they are equivalent
0	0	equivalence classes	constructed so that elements a and b belong to the same class iff they are equivalent	tests numbers, lists, etc. -positive, negative, 1 element, many elements, first, last, middle
0	0	equivalence classes	set of values in a quasi partition that behave in a similar way  helps avoid redundancy while still complete testing	tests numbers, lists, etc. -positive, negative, 1 element, many elements, first, last, middle
1	0	predictive power	measures how effectively the trained model was able to assign values on the available variables	we look at the coefficient on lagged values of a variable and interpret them as the marginal predictive power
0	0	system level	-national pride -national identity (shared language/history) -legitimacy (the right and acceptance of an authority)	policy changes, economic factors, professional practices
1	0	conceptual framework	presents specific and well defined concepts which are called constructs	an outline or paradigm that presents the topics to be studied, the various variables and contexts, and how these relate to or influence each other.
0	0	conceptual framework	is used to understand the place of -- and inform the direction of -- a research project.	is used to illustrate what you expect to find through your research, including how the variables you are considering might relate to each other.
3	1	conceptual framework	set of interrelated concepts that symbolically represents and conveys a mental image of a phenomenon  i.e. maslows hierarchy of needs	set of interrelated concepts that symbolically represent and conveys a mental inage of a phenomena
2	1	conceptual framework	structure links concepts together, representing a unified whole	links global concepts together
2	1	conceptual framework	provides a way to organize major concepts and visualize the relationship among phenomena - different ways of representing the person	a term used along with paradigm; provides a way to organize major concepts and visualize the relationship among the phenomena.
0	0	conceptual framework	study based on a conceptual model	provides guidance for research practice
1	0	conceptual framework	intended to guide standard-setter, preparers and users of financial information in the preparation and preservation of statements.	this is a summary of the terms and concepts that underlie the preparation and presentation of fs for external users.
2	1	conceptual framework	a group of concepts that are broadly defined and systematically organized to provide a focus, a rationale, and a tool for the integration and interpretation of information.	a term used along with paradigm; provides a way to organize major concepts and visualize the relationship among the phenomena.
0	0	conceptual framework	age, meds, dx, is all connected falls -level 2, relationship  -just lines, no arrows (possible relation, no cause)	a set of variables and relationships that is to be held true to explain phenomena
3	1	conceptual framework	the basic concepts that underlie the preparation and presentation of financial statements for external users.	this is a summary of the terms and concepts that underlie the preparation and presentation of fs for external users.
0	0	conceptual framework	offers the rationale and fundamental basis of the entire research	represents the interrelationships of theories, principles, and beliefs that are essential to the investigation of the present problem
2	1	conceptual framework	a set of variables and relationships that is to be held true to explain phenomena	a graphical presentation of your concepts or ideas on the basic structure or components of your research as well as on the relationships of these elements with one another.
0	0	conceptual framework	a group of concepts that are broadly defined and systematically organized to provide a focus, a rationale, and a tool for the integration and interpretation of information.	way to organize major concepts and visualize relationship
0	0	conceptual framework	provides a way to organize major concepts and visualize the relationship among phenomena. different frameworks provides a way to organize major concepts and visualize the relationship among phenomana	outlines possible courses of action or to present a preferred approach to an idea
1	0	conceptual framework	age, meds, dx, is all connected falls -level 2, relationship  -just lines, no arrows (possible relation, no cause)	serves the purpose of clarifying concepts and relationships with one another in a research study.
1	0	conceptual framework	presents specific and well defined concepts which are called constructs	identifies and defines concepts; may or may not loosely identify relationships between concepts
0	0	conceptual framework	a group of concepts that are broadly defined and systematically organized to provide a focus, a rationale, and a tool for the integration and interpretation of information.	provides a way to organize major concepts and visualize the relationship among phenomena - different ways of representing the person
0	0	conceptual framework	way to organize major concepts and visualize relationship	outlines possible courses of action or to present a preferred approach to an idea
1	0	conceptual framework	a group of concepts that are broadly defined and systematically organized to provide a focus, a rationale, and a tool for the integration and interpretation of information.	outlines possible courses of action or to present a preferred approach to an idea
0	0	conceptual framework	an underlying structure for building and testing knowledge that is made up of concepts and the relationships among the concepts	another name for conceptual model. conceptual framework provides a way to organize major concepts and a way to visualize the relationship among phenomenon.
0	0	conceptual framework	the name of the framework used in a study that has its roots in a specified conceptual model	this type of framework links concepts selected from several theories, from previous research results, or from researcher's own experience
0	0	conceptual framework	the name of the framework used in a study that has its roots in a specified conceptual model	identifies key concepts and describes their relationships to each other and to the phenomena (variables) of concern to nursing
0	0	conceptual framework	age, meds, dx, is all connected falls -level 2, relationship  -just lines, no arrows (possible relation, no cause)	explains either graphicslly or in narrative form, the main things to be studied—the key factors, concepts, or variables and the presumed relationship among them
1	0	conceptual framework	a set of variables and relationships that is to be held true to explain phenomena	serves the purpose of clarifying concepts and relationships with one another in a research study.
2	1	conceptual framework	organize major concepts and visualize the relationship among phenomenon	a group of concepts that are broadly defined and systematically organized to provide a focus, a rationale, and a tool for the integration and interpretation of information.
3	1	conceptual framework	provides a way to organize major concepts and visualize the relationship among phenomena. different frameworks provides a way to organize major concepts and visualize the relationship among phenomana	a term used along with paradigm; provides a way to organize major concepts and visualize the relationship among the phenomena.
1	0	conceptual framework	age, meds, dx, is all connected falls -level 2, relationship  -just lines, no arrows (possible relation, no cause)	a graphical presentation of your concepts or ideas on the basic structure or components of your research as well as on the relationships of these elements with one another.
2	1	conceptual framework	organize major concepts and visualize the relationship among phenomenon	outlines possible courses of action or to present a preferred approach to an idea
2	1	conceptual framework	a group of concepts that are broadly defined and systematically organized to provide a focus, a rationale, and a tool for the integration and interpretation of information.	provides a way to organize major concepts and visualize the relationship among phenomena. different frameworks provides a way to organize major concepts and visualize the relationship among phenomana
0	0	conceptual framework	explains either graphicslly or in narrative form, the main things to be studied—the key factors, concepts, or variables and the presumed relationship among them	a set of variables and relationships that is to be held true to explain phenomena
0	0	conceptual framework	a term used along with paradigm; provides a way to organize major concepts and visualize the relationship among the phenomena.	outlines possible courses of action or to present a preferred approach to an idea
0	0	conceptual framework	a way to organize major concepts	outlines possible courses of action or to present a preferred approach to an idea
1	0	conceptual framework	explains either graphicslly or in narrative form, the main things to be studied—the key factors, concepts, or variables and the presumed relationship among them	serves the purpose of clarifying concepts and relationships with one another in a research study.
1	0	conceptual framework	a group of concepts that are broadly defined and systematically organized to provide a focus, a rationale, and a tool for the integration and interpretation of information.	a way to organize major concepts
1	0	conceptual framework	organize major concepts and visualize the relationship among phenomenon	a way to organize major concepts
2	1	conceptual framework	provides a way to organize major concepts and visualize the relationship among phenomena - different ways of representing the person	provides a way to organize major concepts and visualize the relationship among phenomena. different frameworks provides a way to organize major concepts and visualize the relationship among phenomana
2	1	conceptual framework	explains either graphicslly or in narrative form, the main things to be studied—the key factors, concepts, or variables and the presumed relationship among them	a graphical presentation of your concepts or ideas on the basic structure or components of your research as well as on the relationships of these elements with one another.
1	0	conceptual framework	to develop a coherent set of standards and rules and to solve accounting problems (cannot solve all future accounting problems)	-to develop a coherent set of standards and rules -to solve new and emerging practical problems
2	1	conceptual framework	shows organization, order, and direction of your research study	is used to understand the place of -- and inform the direction of -- a research project.
3	1	conceptual framework	organize major concepts and visualize the relationship among phenomenon	way to organize major concepts and visualize relationship
2	1	conceptual framework	a written framework to guide the development, preparation, and interpretation of financial accounting information.	an attempt to provide an overall theoretical foundation for accounting
1	0	conceptual framework	an outline or paradigm that presents the topics to be studied, the various variables and contexts, and how these relate to or influence each other.	identifies and defines concepts; may or may not loosely identify relationships between concepts
2	1	acyclic graph	a graph without cycles	there is no path from any node back to the same node that does not involve retracing edges  (no cycle)
0	0	parallel processing	several working entities work together toward a common goal. emphasizes concurrent manipulation of data elements belonging to one or more processes solving a single problem.	the processing of many aspects of a problem simultaneously
2	1	parallel processing	the processing of many aspects of problems simultaneously; the brains natural mode of information processing for many functions.	everything is processed at the same time, faster. this type of processing can be compared to the way computers work.
0	0	parallel processing	the brain's ability to simultaneously conduct several processes at the same time	cortical and thinking -pathways that develop with learning -any type of learned activity is an example -critical thinking, actions, memories, learning
0	0	parallel processing	system in which many different steps are going on simultaneously; opposite is serial processing- one at a time - advantage is speed and mutual influence amon multiple systems	involves simultaneously extracting different kinds of information from the same input.
1	0	parallel processing	processing many aspects of a problem simultaneously; the brain's natural mode of information processing for many functions. (pp. 94, 230, 298)	the processing of many aspects of a problem simultaneously; the brain's natural mode of information processing for many functions. -connectionism - views memories as products of interconnected neural networks
1	0	parallel processing	ability to simultaneously analyze and combine information regarding color, shape, and motion	the ability to simultaneously analyze and combine information provided by senses
2	1	parallel processing	multiple computing units perform the calculations simultaneously (ex- memory system and language system)	processing many aspects of a problem simultaneously; the brain's natural mode of information processing for many functions. (pp. 94, 230, 298)
3	1	parallel processing	the processing of several aspects of a problem simultaneously; the brain's natural mode of information processing for many functions, including vision, hearing	processing many aspects of a problem simultaneously; the brain's natural mode of information processing for many functions. (pp. 94, 230, 298)
1	0	parallel processing	multiple processors performing a single task (multiple instructions at a time) - illusion is called hyperthreading	process is split into parts that execute on different processors attached to the same computer
1	0	parallel processing	the processing of many aspects of a problem or scene at the same time; the brain's natural mode of information processing for many functions, including vision.	multiple mental processes going on at once
2	1	parallel processing	computers understanding how to divide tasks into parts that can be distributed across each core; allows multicore processors to be used effectively	high performance analytics achieved by breaking the processing into smaller units of work that can be run parallel across the hundreds and potentially thousands of nodes in the cluster
2	1	parallel processing	process is split into parts that execute on different processors attached to the same computer	high performance analytics achieved by breaking the processing into smaller units of work that can be run parallel across the hundreds and potentially thousands of nodes in the cluster
1	0	parallel processing	human brain processes many things simultaneously, on dual tracks	the processing of several aspects of a problem simultaneously; generally used to process well-learned information or to solve easy problems
1	0	parallel processing	high performance analytics achieved by breaking the processing into smaller units of work that can be run parallel across the hundreds and potentially thousands of nodes in the cluster	each processor works together to complete a job faster than with a single processor on a single task (multiprocessing)
0	0	parallel processing	perception and comprehension are thought to operate via this	different information is processed at the same time
3	1	parallel processing	the processing of several aspects of a problem simultaneously; the brain's natural mode of information processing for many functions, including vision, hearing	the processing of many aspects of a problem simultaneously [contrasts with the step-by-step (serial) processing of most computers and of conscious problem solving]
1	0	parallel processing	high performance analytics achieved by breaking the processing into smaller units of work that can be run parallel across the hundreds and potentially thousands of nodes in the cluster	a technique that divides one task among many processors so that parts of the task are completed simultaneously.
1	0	parallel processing	the processing of several aspects of a problem simultaneously; the brain's natural mode of information processing for many functions, including vision, hearing	multiple computing units perform the calculations simultaneously (ex- memory system and language system)
2	1	parallel processing	running multiple task simultaneously: establishing criteria that determine when a task is performed, synchronization among tasks to coordinate sharing, and allocation of computing resources	a technique that divides one task among many processors so that parts of the task are completed simultaneously.
2	1	parallel processing	computers understanding how to divide tasks into parts that can be distributed across each core; allows multicore processors to be used effectively	running multiple task simultaneously: establishing criteria that determine when a task is performed, synchronization among tasks to coordinate sharing, and allocation of computing resources
2	1	parallel processing	computers understanding how to divide tasks into parts that can be distributed across each core; allows multicore processors to be used effectively	when a processor executes more than one instruction at a time and works well with today's multi-core microprocessors
0	0	parallel processing	system in which many different steps are going on simultaneously; opposite is serial processing- one at a time - advantage is speed and mutual influence amon multiple systems	several working entities work together toward a common goal. emphasizes concurrent manipulation of data elements belonging to one or more processes solving a single problem.
1	0	parallel processing	multiple processors performing a single task (multiple instructions at a time) - illusion is called hyperthreading	when a processor executes more than one instruction at a time and works well with today's multi-core microprocessors
2	1	parallel processing	process is split into parts that execute on different processors attached to the same computer	running multiple task simultaneously: establishing criteria that determine when a task is performed, synchronization among tasks to coordinate sharing, and allocation of computing resources
0	0	parallel processing	multiple processors performing a single task (multiple instructions at a time) - illusion is called hyperthreading	each processor works together to complete a job faster than with a single processor on a single task (multiprocessing)
2	1	parallel processing	the processing of many types of information simultaneously; the brain's natural mode of information processing; contrasts with the step-by-step (serial) processing of most computers and of conscious problem solving.	multiple computing units perform the calculations simultaneously (ex- memory system and language system)
1	0	parallel processing	the processing of many aspects of a problem simultaneously; the brain's natural mode of information processing for many functions. -connectionism - views memories as products of interconnected neural networks	the processing of many aspects of a problem simultaneously [contrasts with the step-by-step (serial) processing of most computers and of conscious problem solving]
2	1	parallel processing	involves simultaneously extracting different kinds of information from the same input.	the processing of many aspects of a problem simultaneously
3	1	parallel processing	multiple processors performing a single task (multiple instructions at a time) - illusion is called hyperthreading	high performance analytics achieved by breaking the processing into smaller units of work that can be run parallel across the hundreds and potentially thousands of nodes in the cluster
0	0	parallel processing	processing many aspects of a problem simultaneously; the brain's natural mode of information processing for many functions. (myers psychology for ap 3e pp. 126, 183, 329)	cortical and thinking -pathways that develop with learning -any type of learned activity is an example -critical thinking, actions, memories, learning
2	1	parallel processing	several processors work together on same tasks	a processing technique that uses multiple processors or multiple processing cores simultaneously, usually to process a single job as fast as possible.
2	1	parallel processing	multiple computing units perform the calculations simultaneously (ex- memory system and language system)	the processing of many aspects of a problem simultaneously [contrasts with the step-by-step (serial) processing of most computers and of conscious problem solving]
2	1	parallel processing	process is split into parts that execute on different processors attached to the same computer	each processor works together to complete a job faster than with a single processor on a single task (multiprocessing)
0	0	parallel processing	computers understanding how to divide tasks into parts that can be distributed across each core; allows multicore processors to be used effectively	each processor works together to complete a job faster than with a single processor on a single task (multiprocessing)
0	0	parallel processing	running multiple task simultaneously: establishing criteria that determine when a task is performed, synchronization among tasks to coordinate sharing, and allocation of computing resources	when a processor executes more than one instruction at a time and works well with today's multi-core microprocessors
2	1	parallel processing	the processing of many aspects of problems simultaneously; the brains natural mode of information processing for many functions.	brain delegates processing work to different areas
1	0	parallel processing	the processing of many types of information simultaneously; the brain's natural mode of information processing; contrasts with the step-by-step (serial) processing of most computers and of conscious problem solving.	the processing of many aspects of a problem simultaneously; the brain's natural mode of information processing for many functions. -connectionism - views memories as products of interconnected neural networks
2	1	parallel processing	computers understanding how to divide tasks into parts that can be distributed across each core; allows multicore processors to be used effectively	process is split into parts that execute on different processors attached to the same computer
1	0	parallel processing	the brain's ability to simultaneously conduct several processes at the same time	processing many aspects of a problem simultaneously; the brain's natural mode of information processing for many functions. (myers psychology for ap 3e pp. 126, 183, 329)
0	0	parallel processing	several processors work together on same tasks	the processing of several instructions simultaneously, not always possible as some instructions must be carried out sequentially.
2	1	parallel processing	when a processor executes more than one instruction at a time and works well with today's multi-core microprocessors	each processor works together to complete a job faster than with a single processor on a single task (multiprocessing)
2	1	parallel processing	different parts of the problem can be run , truly at the same time, on different processors	involves using more than one processor to work on the same task at the same time in order to complete the work more quickly
2	1	parallel processing	a processing technique that uses multiple processors or multiple processing cores simultaneously, usually to process a single job as fast as possible.	the processing of several instructions simultaneously, not always possible as some instructions must be carried out sequentially.
0	0	parallel processing	multiple computing units perform the calculations simultaneously (ex- memory system and language system)	the processing of many aspects of a problem simultaneously; the brain's natural mode of information processing for many functions. -connectionism - views memories as products of interconnected neural networks
0	0	parallel processing	involves simultaneously extracting different kinds of information from the same input.	several working entities work together toward a common goal. emphasizes concurrent manipulation of data elements belonging to one or more processes solving a single problem.
2	1	parallel processing	running multiple task simultaneously: establishing criteria that determine when a task is performed, synchronization among tasks to coordinate sharing, and allocation of computing resources	high performance analytics achieved by breaking the processing into smaller units of work that can be run parallel across the hundreds and potentially thousands of nodes in the cluster
3	1	parallel processing	multiple processors performing a single task (multiple instructions at a time) - illusion is called hyperthreading	a technique that divides one task among many processors so that parts of the task are completed simultaneously.
1	0	parallel processing	process is split into parts that execute on different processors attached to the same computer	when a processor executes more than one instruction at a time and works well with today's multi-core microprocessors
2	1	parallel processing	process is split into parts that execute on different processors attached to the same computer	a technique that divides one task among many processors so that parts of the task are completed simultaneously.
0	0	parallel processing	many neurons starts processing information (get activated ) in parallel	processing different features of information simultaneously; allows for different layers of cells to converge on certain nodes and get neural networks; provides complexity in the cortex
2	1	parallel processing	computers understanding how to divide tasks into parts that can be distributed across each core; allows multicore processors to be used effectively	multiple processors performing a single task (multiple instructions at a time) - illusion is called hyperthreading
2	1	parallel processing	the processing of many aspects of a problem simultaneously, the brain's natural mode of information processing for many functions	processing many aspects of a problem simultaneously; generally used to process well-learned information or to solve easy problems
2	1	parallel processing	the processing of many aspects of problems simultaneously; the brains natural mode of information processing for many functions.	two or more mental processes or operations can occur simultaneously
1	0	parallel processing	when a processor executes more than one instruction at a time and works well with today's multi-core microprocessors	high performance analytics achieved by breaking the processing into smaller units of work that can be run parallel across the hundreds and potentially thousands of nodes in the cluster
3	1	parallel processing	detect/focus all information (color, form, motion) at same time.	feature detection is all done at the same time, see all the form (shape, boundaries, color), color, and motion at same time!
2	1	parallel processing	system in which many different steps are going on simultaneously; opposite is serial processing- one at a time - advantage is speed and mutual influence amon multiple systems	the processing of many aspects of a problem simultaneously
1	0	client-server architecture	- client is responsible for presentation logic - server is responsible for data stoage and data access logic - business logic can be on either the client or server node	functions are shared between client and server. client = presentation &  application logic. server = application logic (optional), data access logic, and data storage
3	1	client-server architecture	server: -always on host -permanent ip address -scaling by data centers clients: -communicates with server -do not communicate directly with each other	server  - always on host  - permanent ip address  clients:  - communicate with server - may be intermittently connected  - may have dynamic ip addresses
1	0	client-server architecture	server: -always on host -permanent ip address -scaling by data centers clients: -communicates with server -do not communicate directly with each other	server: -always-on host -permanaent ip address clients: -communication with server -may be intermittently connected -dont communicate with each other
2	1	garbage collection	automatic reclaiming of unreferenced memory.	the process of identifying objects or data variables that are no more needed and delete them to free memory
3	1	garbage collection	the automatic process of freeing allocated memory for objects not in use.	an automatic process that deletes unused objects and helps to keep the memory of the computer less utilized
2	1	garbage collection	• reclaiming memory used by unreferenced objects  • periodically performed by java • only needed if running low on memory (not guaranteed to occur)	an automatic process that deletes unused objects and helps to keep the memory of the computer less utilized
2	1	garbage collection	• reclaiming memory used by unreferenced objects  • periodically performed by java • only needed if running low on memory (not guaranteed to occur)	the automatic detection and freeing of memory that is no longer in use.
2	1	garbage collection	• reclaiming memory used by unreferenced objects  • periodically performed by java • only needed if running low on memory (not guaranteed to occur)	the process of identifying objects or data variables that are no more needed and delete them to free memory
3	1	garbage collection	automatic reclaiming of unreferenced memory.	an automatic process that deletes unused objects and helps to keep the memory of the computer less utilized
3	1	garbage collection	the automatic process of freeing allocated memory for objects not in use.	the automatic detection and freeing of memory that is no longer in use.
2	1	garbage collection	this may take place only when there is some minimum amount or no space left in free storage list.	need to determine which blocks are still alive and which data is dead - clear out the old data so we can use the space  segment-by-segment basis
0	0	garbage collection	look through fat table and check the validity of each file block and then remove the ones that are unused	this may take place only when there is some minimum amount or no space left in free storage list.
2	1	garbage collection	the automatic detection and freeing of memory that is no longer in use.	the process of identifying objects or data variables that are no more needed and delete them to free memory
3	1	garbage collection	an automatic process that deletes unused objects and helps to keep the memory of the computer less utilized	the process of identifying objects or data variables that are no more needed and delete them to free memory
1	0	garbage collection	• reclaiming memory used by unreferenced objects  • periodically performed by java • only needed if running low on memory (not guaranteed to occur)	the process by which java reclaims memory space that no variables refer to at the time of execution. data (objects) may or may not have been stored in these spaces.
2	1	garbage collection	an automatic process that deletes unused objects and helps to keep the memory of the computer less utilized	the automatic detection and freeing of memory that is no longer in use.
3	1	garbage collection	automatic reclaiming of unreferenced memory.	the automatic detection and freeing of memory that is no longer in use.
3	1	garbage collection	automatic reclaiming of unreferenced memory.	the automatic process of freeing allocated memory for objects not in use.
2	1	garbage collection	• reclaiming memory used by unreferenced objects  • periodically performed by java • only needed if running low on memory (not guaranteed to occur)	automatic reclaiming of unreferenced memory.
2	1	garbage collection	the automatic process of freeing allocated memory for objects not in use.	the process of identifying objects or data variables that are no more needed and delete them to free memory
2	1	artificial intelligence	the theory and development of computer systems able to perform tasks that normally require human intelligence.	electronic brain  constructing computers and computer software that use buil-in strategies (rules, logic) to generate case-specific advise
1	0	artificial intelligence	the subfield of computer science that involves the creation of programs that attempt to do what was formerly believed to be able to be done by only humans.	study of computer systems that attempt to model and apply the intelligence of the human mind
1	0	artificial intelligence	the theory and development of computer systems able to perform tasks that normally require human intelligence.	computer software that seeks to reproduce or mimic (perhaps with improvements) human thought, decision making, or brain functions.
1	0	artificial intelligence	computer software that seeks to reproduce or mimic (perhaps with improvements) human thought, decision making, or brain functions.	ability of a computer to make decisions based on know information
0	0	artificial intelligence	ability of a computer to make decisions based on know information	computer systems that perform tasks normally done by a human
1	0	artificial intelligence	software technology that make a computer make decisions as well as humans.	electronic brain  constructing computers and computer software that use buil-in strategies (rules, logic) to generate case-specific advise
1	0	artificial intelligence	electronic brain  constructing computers and computer software that use buil-in strategies (rules, logic) to generate case-specific advise	computer software that seeks to reproduce or mimic (perhaps with improvements) human thought, decision making, or brain functions.
2	1	artificial intelligence	computer software that seeks to reproduce or mimic (perhaps with improvements) human thought, decision making, or brain functions.	-developing science since the 1980's -science and technology that seeks to create intelligence in computations systems -goal was to recreate 'thinking' machine that could perform in place of humans
3	1	artificial intelligence	a branch of computer science that studies ways of getting computers to simulate human thought, including such abilities as reasoning and learning from experience.	the broad term for computer programs that simulate human thought processes and behaviors.
1	0	artificial intelligence	the ability of a machine to simulate human abilities such as vision, communication, recognition, learning, and decision making.	the effort to develop computer based systems that can behave like humans with the ability to learn languages accomplish physical tasks use a perceptual apparatus
1	0	artificial intelligence	stimulates human thinking and behavior, such as the ability to reason and learn. its ultimate goal is to build a system that can mimic human intelligence	-stimulates human thinking and behaviour  -helps with unstructured decisions
1	0	artificial intelligence	any program that analyzes its environment and is able to respond accordingly to achieve an end goal.	-developing science since the 1980's -science and technology that seeks to create intelligence in computations systems -goal was to recreate 'thinking' machine that could perform in place of humans
3	1	artificial intelligence	simulates human intelligence such as the ability to reason and learn	simulates human thinking and behavior, such as the ability to reason and learn. goal is to mimic human intelligence.
1	0	artificial intelligence	a programming discipline which seeks to emulate human intelligence using machines.	is a subfield of computer science that studies the thought process of humans and re-creates the effects of those processes via machines, such as computers and rebots
1	0	artificial intelligence	a branch of computer science concerned with creating computers that mimic human performance on cognitive tasks	the branch of computer science that explores techniques for incorporating aspects of intelligence into computer systems.
2	1	artificial intelligence	a programming discipline which seeks to emulate human intelligence using machines.	a branch of computer science concerned with creating computers that mimic human performance on cognitive tasks
2	1	artificial intelligence	computer systems that perform functions that substitute for human intelligence or that make intuitive predications and decisions based on recognized data	computer processing or output that simulated human reasoning or knowledge
2	1	artificial intelligence	software technology that make a computer make decisions as well as humans.	computer software that seeks to reproduce or mimic (perhaps with improvements) human thought, decision making, or brain functions.
3	1	artificial intelligence	science of developing computer systems that can mimic human behavior and learning	a branch of computer science dealing with the simulation of intelligent behavior in computers.
0	0	artificial intelligence	software technology that make a computer make decisions as well as humans.	the study and development by which a computer and its systems are given the ability to successfully accomplish tasks that would typically require a human's intelligent behaviour
1	0	artificial intelligence	a field in which the computer system takes on the characteristics of human intelligence	developing computers so that they can perform tasks that normally require human intelligence such as cognition or reasoning, enables business intelligence (bi)
1	0	artificial intelligence	the subfield of computer science that involves the creation of programs that attempt to do what was formerly believed to be able to be done by only humans.	the branch of computer science that explores techniques for incorporating aspects of intelligence into computer systems.
2	1	artificial intelligence	study of computer systems that attempt to model and apply the intelligence of the human mind	is a subfield of computer science that studies the thought process of humans and re-creates the effects of those processes via machines, such as computers and rebots
1	0	artificial intelligence	software technologies that make a computer or robot perform equal to or better than normal	software technologies that make a computer perform equal to or better that normal human ability
2	1	artificial intelligence	the capability of a computer to simulate human intelligence and learn from its experiences	the ability of a machine to simulate human abilities such as vision, communication, recognition, learning, and decision making.
2	1	artificial intelligence	ability of a computer to make decisions based on know information	-developing science since the 1980's -science and technology that seeks to create intelligence in computations systems -goal was to recreate 'thinking' machine that could perform in place of humans
2	1	artificial intelligence	machine that simulates human abilities	computer systems able to perform tasks that normally require human intelligence
3	1	artificial intelligence	study of computer systems that attempt to model and apply the intelligence of the human mind	the branch of computer science that explores techniques for incorporating aspects of intelligence into computer systems.
2	1	artificial intelligence	a programming discipline which seeks to emulate human intelligence using machines.	study of computer systems that attempt to model and apply the intelligence of the human mind
1	0	artificial intelligence	the theory and development of computer systems able to perform tasks that normally require human intelligence.	-developing science since the 1980's -science and technology that seeks to create intelligence in computations systems -goal was to recreate 'thinking' machine that could perform in place of humans
0	0	artificial intelligence	simulates human thinking and behavior, such as the ability to reason and learn	artificial intelligence is the study of agents that perceive the world around them, form plans, and make decisions to achieve their goals.
3	1	artificial intelligence	a programming discipline which seeks to emulate human intelligence using machines.	the subfield of computer science that involves the creation of programs that attempt to do what was formerly believed to be able to be done by only humans.
3	1	artificial intelligence	broad term that applies to computing technology that can perform tasks that here to now had required human intelligence	computer systems are able to perform tasks that normally require human intelligence, such as visual perception, speech recognition, decision making and translation between languages.
3	1	artificial intelligence	a scientific field that focuses on creating intelligent machines	a scientific field that focuses on creating machines capable of performing activities that require intelligence when they are done by people.
2	1	artificial intelligence	developing computers so that they can perform tasks that normally require human intelligence such as cognition or reasoning, enables business intelligence (bi)	computer systems able to perform tasks that normally require human intelligence
0	0	artificial intelligence	the theory and development of computer systems able to perform tasks that normally require human intelligence.	ability of a computer to make decisions based on know information
2	1	artificial intelligence	computer software that can mimic or improve upon functions that would otherwise require human intelligence	advanced computer systems that can simulate human capabilities, such as analysis, based on a  predetermined set of rules
2	1	artificial intelligence	a field in which the computer system takes on the characteristics of human intelligence	the ability of a computer to perform tasks usually associated with human intelligence.
2	1	artificial intelligence	software technology that make a computer make decisions as well as humans.	computer systems that perform tasks normally done by a human
0	0	artificial intelligence	any program that analyzes its environment and is able to respond accordingly to achieve an end goal.	computer systems that perform tasks normally done by a human
0	0	artificial intelligence	computer program that tries to imitate human thought	*goal: make an efficient system that goes beyond human error
0	0	artificial intelligence	-developing science since the 1980's -science and technology that seeks to create intelligence in computations systems -goal was to recreate 'thinking' machine that could perform in place of humans	computer systems that perform tasks normally done by a human
3	1	artificial intelligence	the theory and development of computer systems able to perform tasks that normally require human intelligence.	the study and development by which a computer and its systems are given the ability to successfully accomplish tasks that would typically require a human's intelligent behaviour
1	0	artificial intelligence	the science of making machines think like people, act like people, think rationally and act rationally	a system that think like human, think rationally, act like humans and act rationally.
2	1	artificial intelligence	developing computers so that they can perform tasks that normally require human intelligence such as cognition or reasoning, enables business intelligence (bi)	machine that simulates human abilities
1	0	artificial intelligence	the capability of a computer to simulate human intelligence and learn from its experiences	the effort to develop computer based systems that can behave like humans with the ability to learn languages accomplish physical tasks use a perceptual apparatus
0	0	artificial intelligence	computer processing or output that simulated human reasoning or knowledge	computer system that performs tasks that normally require human intelligence
1	0	artificial intelligence	software technology that make a computer make decisions as well as humans.	-developing science since the 1980's -science and technology that seeks to create intelligence in computations systems -goal was to recreate 'thinking' machine that could perform in place of humans
1	0	artificial intelligence	software technology that make a computer make decisions as well as humans.	ability of a computer to make decisions based on know information
3	1	artificial intelligence	computer software that can mimic or improve upon functions that would otherwise require human intelligence	computer system that performs tasks that normally require human intelligence
3	1	artificial intelligence	a field of study which studies how to create computers and computer software that are capable of seemingly intuitive human behavior.	science of developing computer systems that can mimic human behavior and learning
2	1	artificial intelligence	computer systems are able to perform tasks that normally require human intelligence, such as visual perception, speech recognition, decision making and translation between languages.	computers using human-like symbolic reasoning and problem solving; eg. medical diagnosis, pattern and language recognition
2	1	artificial intelligence	a subfield of computer science concerned with symbolic reasoning and problem solving. behavior by a machine that would be considered intelligent	artificial intelligence (ai) is a branch of computer science that allows computers or machines to performs tasks that usually require human intelligence, such as learning, solving problems, and recognizing patterns.
3	1	artificial intelligence	stimulates human thinking and behavior, such as the ability to reason and learn. its ultimate goal is to build a system that can mimic human intelligence	simulates human thinking and behavior, such as the ability to reason and learn. goal is to mimic human intelligence.
1	0	artificial intelligence	the study and development by which a computer and its systems are given the ability to successfully accomplish tasks that would typically require a human's intelligent behaviour	any program that analyzes its environment and is able to respond accordingly to achieve an end goal.
0	0	artificial intelligence	computer systems that perform functions that substitute for human intelligence or that make intuitive predications and decisions based on recognized data	computer system that performs tasks that normally require human intelligence
2	1	artificial intelligence	study of computer systems that attempt to model and apply the intelligence of the human mind	a branch of computer science concerned with creating computers that mimic human performance on cognitive tasks
2	1	artificial intelligence	the theory and development of computer systems able to perform tasks that normally require human intelligence.	computer systems that perform tasks normally done by a human
0	0	artificial intelligence	electronic brain  constructing computers and computer software that use buil-in strategies (rules, logic) to generate case-specific advise	computer systems that perform tasks normally done by a human
0	0	artificial intelligence	software technology that make a computer make decisions as well as humans.	the theory and development of computer systems able to perform tasks that normally require human intelligence.
1	0	artificial intelligence	computers using human-like symbolic reasoning and problem solving; eg. medical diagnosis, pattern and language recognition	theory and development of computer systems able to perform tasks that normally require human intelligence, such as visual perception, speech recognition, decision-making, and translation between languages
1	0	artificial intelligence	electronic brain  constructing computers and computer software that use buil-in strategies (rules, logic) to generate case-specific advise	-developing science since the 1980's -science and technology that seeks to create intelligence in computations systems -goal was to recreate 'thinking' machine that could perform in place of humans
3	1	artificial intelligence	the ability of a computer to perform tasks usually associated with human intelligence.	computer systems able to perform tasks that normally require human intelligence
1	0	artificial intelligence	states that human thinking is a kind of symbol manipulation and that machines can be intelligent	the ability to have machines act with apparent intelligence. can be through symbolic logic or statistical analysis
2	1	artificial intelligence	artificial intelligence (ai) is a branch of computer science that allows computers or machines to performs tasks that usually require human intelligence, such as learning, solving problems, and recognizing patterns.	a subfield of computer science that deals with qualitative or symbolic knowledge in solving problems requiring human intelligence
2	1	artificial intelligence	advanced computer systems that can simulate human capabilities, such as analysis, based on a  predetermined set of rules	computer system that performs tasks that normally require human intelligence
2	1	artificial intelligence	computer software that can mimic or improve upon functions that would otherwise require human intelligence	computer processing or output that simulated human reasoning or knowledge
1	0	artificial intelligence	a branch of computer science concerned with creating computers that mimic human performance on cognitive tasks	is a subfield of computer science that studies the thought process of humans and re-creates the effects of those processes via machines, such as computers and rebots
2	1	artificial intelligence	computer software that seeks to reproduce or mimic (perhaps with improvements) human thought, decision making, or brain functions.	computer systems that perform tasks normally done by a human
0	0	artificial intelligence	the theory and development of computer systems able to perform tasks that normally require human intelligence.	any program that analyzes its environment and is able to respond accordingly to achieve an end goal.
2	1	artificial intelligence	the ability of a computer to perform tasks usually associated with human intelligence.	machine that simulates human abilities
0	0	artificial intelligence	perception, self-awareness, learning, ability to use reason and logic, ability to write and speak, use language, behavior in social situations, creativity, intuition	computer program that tries to imitate human thought
2	1	artificial intelligence	behavior by a machine that, if performed by a human being, would be called &"intelligent&"	the science of making machines perform operations commonly associated with human behavior.
2	1	artificial intelligence	a branch of computer science that works on creating machines and programs that exhibit human-like intelligence.	the intelligence of machines and the branch of computer science that aims to create it.
3	1	artificial intelligence	a broad term describing the field of developing computer programs to simulate human thought processes and behaviors	the broad term for computer programs that simulate human thought processes and behaviors.
1	0	artificial intelligence	states that human thinking is a kind of symbol manipulation and that machines can be intelligent	a subfield of computer science that deals with qualitative or symbolic knowledge in solving problems requiring human intelligence
2	1	artificial intelligence	a field in which the computer system takes on the characteristics of human intelligence	machine that simulates human abilities
1	0	artificial intelligence	a field in which the computer system takes on the characteristics of human intelligence	computer systems able to perform tasks that normally require human intelligence
1	0	artificial intelligence	computer software that seeks to reproduce or mimic (perhaps with improvements) human thought, decision making, or brain functions.	the study and development by which a computer and its systems are given the ability to successfully accomplish tasks that would typically require a human's intelligent behaviour
2	1	artificial intelligence	electronic brain  constructing computers and computer software that use buil-in strategies (rules, logic) to generate case-specific advise	the study and development by which a computer and its systems are given the ability to successfully accomplish tasks that would typically require a human's intelligent behaviour
3	1	artificial intelligence	computer software that seeks to reproduce or mimic (perhaps with improvements) human thought, decision-making, or brain functions.	aims to create a computer program that is capable of imitating or improving human brain functions.
2	1	artificial intelligence	a field of study which studies how to create computers and computer software that are capable of seemingly intuitive human behavior.	a branch of computer science dealing with the simulation of intelligent behavior in computers.
2	1	artificial intelligence	states that human thinking is a kind of symbol manipulation and that machines can be intelligent	a subfield of computer science concerned with symbolic reasoning and problem solving. behavior by a machine that would be considered intelligent
3	1	artificial intelligence	in computer science, artificial intelligence, sometimes called machine intelligence, is intelligence demonstrated by machines, in contrast to the natural intelligence displayed by humans and other animals	artificial intelligence is intelligence demonstrated by machines, in contrast to the natural intelligence displayed by humans and other animals.
2	1	artificial intelligence	the ability to have machines act with apparent intelligence. can be through symbolic logic or statistical analysis	a subfield of computer science that deals with qualitative or symbolic knowledge in solving problems requiring human intelligence
2	1	artificial intelligence	aims to create a computer program that is capable of imitating or improving human brain functions.	the ability to mimic or duplicate the functions of the human brain
2	1	artificial intelligence	a subfield of computer science concerned with symbolic reasoning and problem solving. behavior by a machine that would be considered intelligent	a subfield of computer science that deals with qualitative or symbolic knowledge in solving problems requiring human intelligence
2	1	artificial intelligence	-stimulates human thinking and behaviour  -helps with unstructured decisions	simulates human intelligence such as the ability to reason and learn
2	1	artificial intelligence	advanced computer systems that can simulate human capabilities, such as analysis, based on a  predetermined set of rules	computer processing or output that simulated human reasoning or knowledge
0	0	design issues	• response time • help facilities • error handling • menu and command labeling• application accessibility • internationalization 57	operating system functions: addressing, error detection, data recovery, flow control, congestion control, traffic multiplexing/demultiplexing, routing
1	0	design issues	operating system functions: addressing, error detection, data recovery, flow control, congestion control, traffic multiplexing/demultiplexing, routing	reponse time help error handling
0	0	design issues	• response time • help facilities • error handling • menu and command labeling• application accessibility • internationalization 57	reponse time help error handling
3	1	conceptual modeling	the process of constructing a model of the information use in an enterprise, independent of implementation details	the process of developing a model of information use that is independent of implementation details, results in a conceptual data model
2	1	conceptual modeling	the process of constructing a detailed architecture for a database that is independent of implementation details	the process of developing a model of information use that is independent of implementation details, results in a conceptual data model
1	0	conceptual modeling	the process of developing a model of information use that is independent of implementation details, results in a conceptual data model	how well you can model the reality of the situation
0	0	conceptual modeling	the non-technical description of a system, it's behaviors, and it's deployment. this is an initial planning phase before any official software of design construction is begun.	how well you can model the reality of the situation
0	0	conceptual modeling	the process of constructing a model of the information use in an enterprise, independent of implementation details	the process of constructing a detailed architecture for a database that is independent of implementation details
1	0	state space	a directed network or graph where nodes contain states and the edges are actions.	initial state, actions, transition model. represented by a graph. a path though this is a sequence of states connected by a sequence of actions.
0	0	state space	set of all states reachable from the initial state by any sequence of actions	network/graph of nodes (states) and the links are actions
1	0	state space	a directed network or graph where nodes contain states and the edges are actions.	set of all states reachable from the initial state by any sequence of actions
0	0	state space	set of all reachable states after any number of transitions	the configuration of the possible states and how they connect to each other, the legal moves between states.
1	0	state space	network/graph of nodes (states) and the links are actions	consists of initial state and available actions
1	0	state space	a directed network or graph where nodes contain states and the edges are actions.	consists of initial state and available actions
1	0	state space	initial state, actions, transition model. represented by a graph. a path though this is a sequence of states connected by a sequence of actions.	consists of initial state and available actions
2	1	state space	a directed network or graph where nodes contain states and the edges are actions.	network/graph of nodes (states) and the links are actions
0	0	system components	contains the complete design for the new system including user interface, inputs, outputs , files, databases and network specifications	file editing, resource accounting, i/o management, storage, memory management access management
1	0	system components	the parts that make up a system	component parts of a system that can control its own operations
0	0	key points	abraham maslow, the founder of humanistic psychology, offered the theory of self actualization and human motivation that is a basic to all nursing education today.	freud identified three psychological process of personality (id ego and superego)
0	0	key points	hildegard peplau, a nursing theorist, developed an interpersonal theoretical framwork that has become the foundation of psychiatric mental health nursing	freud identified three psychological process of personality (id ego and superego)
0	0	knowledge representation	-for nominal attributes, rules with logic predicates.  - for real valued attributes; hyper rectangles, decision tree, synthetic prototypes, hyper-ellipsoids.	can be represented in data structures(trees,list) and interpretive procedures(search, sort). categories of this term are objects, events, performance, meta knowledge.
0	0	knowledge representation	encoding info about the world into formats that an ai system can understand; ai systems can develop knowledge bases and use them effectively to solve problems (ibm watson)	the mental depiction, storage, and organization of information
0	0	knowledge representation	sentences:  logical conclusions deriving from existing sentences. axioms, which are not derived from other sentences.	predicate logic: - on  - in - near - prolog  graph based:  - semantic networks - frames  rule based:  - expert systems
0	0	knowledge representation	sentences:  logical conclusions deriving from existing sentences. axioms, which are not derived from other sentences.	can be represented in data structures(trees,list) and interpretive procedures(search, sort). categories of this term are objects, events, performance, meta knowledge.
1	0	knowledge representation	sentences:  logical conclusions deriving from existing sentences. axioms, which are not derived from other sentences.	-for nominal attributes, rules with logic predicates.  - for real valued attributes; hyper rectangles, decision tree, synthetic prototypes, hyper-ellipsoids.
0	0	knowledge representation	-for nominal attributes, rules with logic predicates.  - for real valued attributes; hyper rectangles, decision tree, synthetic prototypes, hyper-ellipsoids.	predicate logic: - on  - in - near - prolog  graph based:  - semantic networks - frames  rule based:  - expert systems
3	1	null values	represent the values of attributes that may be unknown or may not apply to a tuple	can be assigned to attr when no other val applies, missing/unknown
2	1	null values	this means that no data exists. an empty cell. this is different from a 0, space character, empty string, or tab character. there is literally nothing in there.	is the absence of data. not the same as a blank space.
2	1	software process	framework for the tasks that are required to build quality software	a systematically designed method of developing and maintaining a software system through its lifecycle.
2	1	software process	a framework which defines the order and frequency of phases, the success criteria for moving between phases, and the deliverables for the project	prescribes the order and frequency of phases, defines the deliverable, critera for moving from one phase to the next
3	1	software process	a framework which defines the order and frequency of phases, the success criteria for moving between phases, and the deliverables for the project	prescribes the order and frequency of phases specifies criteria for moving from one phase to the next defines the deliverables of the project
1	0	software process	a structured set of activities required to develop a software system	a set of actions/tasks that results in the specification, development, validation, and/or evolution of a software product.
2	1	software process	system development challenges call for an engineering approach for software development. a software process is required.	a set of activities whose goal is the development or evolution of the software
3	1	software process	is a structured set of activities required to/involved in developing a software system - specification; - design; - validation; - evolution.	structured set of activities to develop a software system: 1. specification 2. design and implementation 3. validation 4. evolution
1	0	software process	a structured set of activities required to develop a software system	a systematically designed method of developing and maintaining a software system through its lifecycle.
3	1	software process	framework for the tasks that are required to build quality software	a structured set of activities required to develop a software system
3	1	software process	a structured set of activities required to develop a software system	is a structured set of activities required to/involved in developing a software system - specification; - design; - validation; - evolution.
1	0	software process	system development challenges call for an engineering approach for software development. a software process is required.	the activities and processes that are involved in developing and evolving a software system
0	0	software process	is a structured set of activities required to/involved in developing a software system - specification; - design; - validation; - evolution.	a systematically designed method of developing and maintaining a software system through its lifecycle.
3	1	software process	is a structured set of activities required to/involved in developing a software system - specification; - design; - validation; - evolution.	a set of actions/tasks that results in the specification, development, validation, and/or evolution of a software product.
2	1	software process	framework for the tasks that are required to build quality software	structured set of activities to develop a software system: 1. specification 2. design and implementation 3. validation 4. evolution
1	0	software process	framework for the tasks that are required to build quality software	a set of actions/tasks that results in the specification, development, validation, and/or evolution of a software product.
1	0	software process	process of dividing software development work into distinct phases to improve design, product management and project management	the activities and processes that are involved in developing and evolving a software system
1	0	software process	framework for the tasks that are required to build quality software	is a structured set of activities required to/involved in developing a software system - specification; - design; - validation; - evolution.
3	1	software process	structured set of activities to develop a software system: 1. specification 2. design and implementation 3. validation 4. evolution	a set of actions/tasks that results in the specification, development, validation, and/or evolution of a software product.
2	1	software process	a systematically designed method of developing and maintaining a software system through its lifecycle.	a set of actions/tasks that results in the specification, development, validation, and/or evolution of a software product.
0	0	software process	process of dividing software development work into distinct phases to improve design, product management and project management	system development challenges call for an engineering approach for software development. a software process is required.
3	1	software process	a set of activities whose goal is the development or evolution of the software	the activities and processes that are involved in developing and evolving a software system
0	0	secret key	key used to encrypt and decrypt messages.	see private key.
1	0	secret key	see private key.	a key used to both encrypt and decrypt data in a secure transaction.
3	1	secret key	key used to encrypt and decrypt messages.	a key used to both encrypt and decrypt data in a secure transaction.
1	0	architectural style	o a family of systems in terms of a pattern of structural organisation	basic strategic outlines of how the software should be constructed
0	0	architectural style	o a family of systems in terms of a pattern of structural organisation	set of principles that shape an application
0	0	architectural style	a classification of a structure based on its appearance, material used, structural and decorative details, building techniques, and artistic expression.	character of form (design) and ornamentation
2	1	architectural style	set of principles that shape an application	basic strategic outlines of how the software should be constructed
0	0	architectural style	collection of architectures, that can be used in a specific kind of development context, give some kind of beneficial quality	concerned with a high-level concept of widely used structures and relationships
1	0	architectural style	generally the appearance and character of a building's design and construction.	character of form (design) and ornamentation
0	0	software metrics	may be either control metrics or predictor metrics	are tools used to measure cost and resource requirements of a project
0	0	software metrics	measure of characteristics that are quantifiable or countable, important for measuring performance, planning work and measuring productivity. believed to evaluate a quality property of the software.	are tools used to measure cost and resource requirements of a project
0	0	software metrics	may be either control metrics or predictor metrics	measure of characteristics that are quantifiable or countable, important for measuring performance, planning work and measuring productivity. believed to evaluate a quality property of the software.
0	0	software metrics	are tools used to measure cost and resource requirements of a project	quantitative measures of code complexity
0	0	software metrics	may be either control metrics or predictor metrics	quantitative measures of code complexity
0	0	software metrics	measure of characteristics that are quantifiable or countable, important for measuring performance, planning work and measuring productivity. believed to evaluate a quality property of the software.	quantitative measures of code complexity
2	1	access rights	security option that determines the areas of the program a user can access, and whether the user has rights to enter or edit data. e.g. write, view, change, read, execute.	describes the way in which a subject may access an object. read write execute delete  create search
1	0	access rights	the permission or privileges that a system subject has as it pertains to the different objects within the system. it indicates what the subject can do with/to the object.	ways in which subjects can operate on objects
2	1	access rights	restrict a user's access to only those files they need in order to perform their job. initially allocated to them by the network manager.	security option that determines the areas of the program a user can access, and whether the user has rights to enter or edit data
3	1	access rights	privileges to access hardware and software resources that are granted to users.	privileges that are granted to users to access hardware and software resources
1	0	access rights	privileges that are granted to users to access hardware and software resources	the cumulative privileges that are granted to a user, application, system, network, or other object that are necessary to perform one or more functions
2	1	access rights	describes the way in which a subject may access an object. read write execute delete  create search	security option that determines the areas of the program a user can access, and whether the user has rights to enter or edit data
2	1	access rights	describes the way in which a subject may access an object. read write execute delete  create search	restrict a user's access to only those files they need in order to perform their job. initially allocated to them by the network manager.
1	0	access rights	privileges to access hardware and software resources that are granted to users.	the cumulative privileges that are granted to a user, application, system, network, or other object that are necessary to perform one or more functions
2	1	dynamic programming	a coding approach that aims to eliminate repeated calculations  basic idea: store results that might need to be repeatedly calculated (memoisation)	a technique that avoids the recursive explosion by recording answers in a table.
0	0	dynamic programming	technique for efficiently implementing a recursive algorithms by storing partial results. we trade space for time.	a technique that avoids the recursive explosion by recording answers in a table.
2	1	dynamic programming	an optimization algorithm that breaks down the problem into discrete subproblems and uses the result of all these subproblems to get the final answer. often involves a grid	break up a problem into a series of overlapping sub-problems, and build up solutions to larger and larger sub-problems.
0	0	dynamic programming	it solves subset of problem and then use that info to solve the more difficult original process	a coding approach that aims to eliminate repeated calculations  basic idea: store results that might need to be repeatedly calculated (memoisation)
1	0	dynamic programming	technique for efficiently implementing a recursive algorithms by storing partial results. we trade space for time.	an approach to writing algorithms in which a problem is solved using solutions to the same problem on smaller instances.
2	1	dynamic programming	a coding approach that aims to eliminate repeated calculations  basic idea: store results that might need to be repeatedly calculated (memoisation)	technique for efficiently implementing a recursive algorithms by storing partial results. we trade space for time.
2	1	dynamic programming	a general algorithm design technique for solving problems defined by or formulated as recurrences with overlapping sub instances	an approach to writing algorithms in which a problem is solved using solutions to the same problem on smaller instances.
0	0	dynamic programming	a technique that avoids the recursive explosion by recording answers in a table.	an approach to writing algorithms in which a problem is solved using solutions to the same problem on smaller instances.
0	0	dynamic programming	break up a problem into a series of overlapping sub-problems, and build up solutions to larger and larger sub-problems.	arrange subproblems in order to solve them only once, uses additional memory to save the solution and minimise computational time
3	1	dynamic programming	it solves subset of problem and then use that info to solve the more difficult original process	an approach to writing algorithms in which a problem is solved using solutions to the same problem on smaller instances.
1	0	dynamic programming	a coding approach that aims to eliminate repeated calculations  basic idea: store results that might need to be repeatedly calculated (memoisation)	an approach to writing algorithms in which a problem is solved using solutions to the same problem on smaller instances.
1	0	dynamic programming	a general algorithm design technique for solving problems defined by or formulated as recurrences with overlapping sub instances	a technique that avoids the recursive explosion by recording answers in a table.
1	0	dynamic programming	it solves subset of problem and then use that info to solve the more difficult original process	technique for efficiently implementing a recursive algorithms by storing partial results. we trade space for time.
1	0	dynamic programming	a general algorithm design technique for solving problems defined by or formulated as recurrences with overlapping sub instances	technique for efficiently implementing a recursive algorithms by storing partial results. we trade space for time.
0	0	dynamic programming	an optimization algorithm that breaks down the problem into discrete subproblems and uses the result of all these subproblems to get the final answer. often involves a grid	arrange subproblems in order to solve them only once, uses additional memory to save the solution and minimise computational time
1	0	data warehouses	large, centralized systems housing enterprise data.	large databases that is updated periodically from a range of sources   centralized data management and retrieval
0	0	data warehouses	are able to store data drawn from several data sources, possibly maintained by different operating units of an organization.	collection of data from a variety of sources used to: -support decision-making applications  -generate business intelligence called hypercubes because they store multidimensional data
1	0	data warehouses	are able to store data drawn from several data sources, possibly maintained by different operating units of an organization.	a data warehouse is a specific database (or set of databases) containing data from many sources that are linked by a common subject (e.g., a plan member).
2	1	data warehouses	integrate data from multiple databases/data silos and organized them for analysis to help decision making	warehouses that integrate data from databases across an entire enterprise
2	1	data warehouses	integrate data from multiple databases and data silos, and organize them for complex analysis, knowledge discovery, and to support decision making	a type of database that extract and analyze useful business information from very large databases; support decision making
0	0	data warehouses	collection of data from a variety of sources -support decision-making applications -generate business intelligence	large, centralized systems housing enterprise data.
0	0	data warehouses	database systems that have data, programs, and personnel that specialize in the preparation of data for bi processing	very large databases containing detailed and summarized data for a number of years that are used for analysis rather than transaction processing
1	0	data warehouses	collection of data from a variety of sources used to: -support decision-making applications  -generate business intelligence called hypercubes because they store multidimensional data	a data warehouse is a specific database (or set of databases) containing data from many sources that are linked by a common subject (e.g., a plan member).
0	0	data warehouses	-a federated repository for all the data that an enterprise's various business systems collect -emphasizes the capture of data from diverse sources for useful analysis and access	large, centralized systems housing enterprise data.
0	0	data warehouses	database systems that have data, programs, and personnel that specialize in the preparation of data for bi processing	a data warehouse is a specific database (or set of databases) containing data from many sources that are linked by a common subject (e.g., a plan member).
1	0	data warehouses	database systems that have data, programs, and personnel that specialize in the preparation of data for bi processing	collection of data from a variety of sources used to: -support decision-making applications  -generate business intelligence called hypercubes because they store multidimensional data
0	0	data warehouses	very large databases containing detailed and summarized data for a number of years that are used for analysis rather than transaction processing	are able to store data drawn from several data sources, possibly maintained by different operating units of an organization.
2	1	data warehouses	database systems that have data, programs, and personnel that specialize in the preparation of data for bi processing	are able to store data drawn from several data sources, possibly maintained by different operating units of an organization.
2	1	data warehouses	-a federated repository for all the data that an enterprise's various business systems collect -emphasizes the capture of data from diverse sources for useful analysis and access	large databases that is updated periodically from a range of sources   centralized data management and retrieval
1	0	data warehouses	collection of data from a variety of sources -support decision-making applications -generate business intelligence	large databases that is updated periodically from a range of sources   centralized data management and retrieval
0	0	data warehouses	very large databases containing detailed and summarized data for a number of years that are used for analysis rather than transaction processing	a data warehouse is a specific database (or set of databases) containing data from many sources that are linked by a common subject (e.g., a plan member).
3	1	network layer	- layer 3 of the osi model - moves packets between computers on different networks. routers operate at this layer. ip operates at this layer	osi layer that moves packets between computers on different networks. routers &  ip operate at this level.
1	0	network layer	dedicated to routing &  switching info between different hosts, networks &  inter-networks  * measured in packets	• logical addressing • switching • route discovery and selection • connection services • bandwidth usage • multiplexing strategy
1	0	network layer	translates network addresses and routes data from sender and receiver.	protocols in this layer translate network addresses into their physical counterparts and decide how to route data from the sender to the receiver.
0	0	network layer	packet: where routers operate at. ip address. tcp/ip protocol. provides connections between hosts on different networks.	responsible for address assignment and uniquely addressing hosts in a network. (osi layer)
3	1	network layer	layer 3 of the osi model, which is where routing based on node addresses (ip addresses) occurs. routing based on logical addresses.	layer 3 of the osi model, it is primarily concerned with forwarding data based on logical addresses. ip addresses and routers are examples.
3	1	network layer	moves packets between computers on different networks. routers operate at this layer. ip and ipx operate at this layer	osi layer that moves packets between computers on different networks. routers &  ip operate at this level.
0	0	network layer	responsible for address assignment and uniquely addressing hosts in a network. (osi layer)	third layer in the tcp/ip stack. routers and other hardware operate on this layer. determining the path that packets will take using ip addresses.
0	0	network layer	layer 3 of the osi model, which is where routing based on node addresses (ip addresses) occurs. routing based on logical addresses.	responsible for address assignment and uniquely addressing hosts in a network. (osi layer)
0	0	network layer	privdes connections and routes packets in the communication network inluding handling the adresss of outgoing packets, decoding the address of incoming packets and aintaining routing information for proper order	using routing protocols for best route: icmp (internet control message protocol), or arp (address resolution protocol). if the packet is too big, fragmentation can happen.
1	0	network layer	provides the correct ip addresses for a packet's source and destination	layer responsible for routing messages from the source computer to the destination computer.
2	1	network layer	layer 3 of the osi model handles logical addressing and routing of pdus across internetworks	the third layer in the osi model. routers operate at this layer.
0	0	network layer	responsible for creating, maintaining and ending network connection, transfers data packet from node to node (e.g. router to router) within the network.	is the interface between the open system and the communication network  selects routes to establish logical connections   relays protocol data units (pdus) for other open systems
2	1	network layer	add logical address to data segment	responsible for adding routing and addressing information to the data.
1	0	network layer	-the &"routing&" layer - responsible for moving data around a network of networks - key function is to identify logical netowork id's and route communications.	responsible for adding routing and addressing information to the data.
1	0	network layer	add logical address to data segment	-the &"routing&" layer - responsible for moving data around a network of networks - key function is to identify logical netowork id's and route communications.
0	0	network layer	• fragments frames to traverse different networks • internet protocol (ip)  - ip address	ip (internet protocol) addressing adds another header
1	0	network layer	-the &"routing&" layer - responsible for moving data around a network of networks - key function is to identify logical netowork id's and route communications.	provides logical addressing, which routers use for path determination
2	1	network layer	layer 3 of the osi model, it is primarily concerned with forwarding data based on logical addresses. ip addresses and routers are examples.	responsible for address assignment and uniquely addressing hosts in a network. (osi layer)
1	0	network layer	layer 3. provides logical network addressing and path determination/routing services. responsible for packet delivery, fragmentation, and sequencing. this is the layer where ip resides.	3. converts the segments from the transport layer into packets and is responsible for path determination, routing delivering of these packets, and logical addressing
2	1	network layer	osi layer 3, containers called packets get created and addressed so they can go from one network to another.	the third layer, (aka internet layer) moves messages from one node to another until it reaches the destination host
2	1	network layer	osi layer wherein there is a source to destination delivery of packets across multiple networks which is no need if two systems are directly connected to the same link	allows different networks to communicate with each other through networks, such as the internet.
2	1	network layer	provides logical addressing, which routers use for path determination	the primary responsibility of the network layer is routing. this layer determines the best path for the data to travel throughout the network.
1	0	network layer	responsible for routing packets from one network to another using ip addressing format. navigating between networks.	passes datagrams across a network using ip protocol to find the best path across an entire network. (like the postal service) has numerous router protocols.
0	0	network layer	the layer of the osi model that describes how data is routed across networks and on to the destination.	allows different networks to communicate with each other through networks, such as the internet.
1	0	network layer	path determination and ip (logical addressing)  -uses network addresses (ip address)  -routers operate at this layer  -sends traffic based on ip address	responsible for address assignment and uniquely addressing hosts in a network. (osi layer)
1	0	network layer	add logical address to data segment	the primary responsibility of the network layer is routing. this layer determines the best path for the data to travel throughout the network.
3	1	network layer	-the &"routing&" layer - responsible for moving data around a network of networks - key function is to identify logical netowork id's and route communications.	the primary responsibility of the network layer is routing. this layer determines the best path for the data to travel throughout the network.
2	1	network layer	this layer is dedicated to routing and switching information to different networks, lans, or internetworks.	• logical addressing • switching • route discovery and selection • connection services • bandwidth usage • multiplexing strategy
0	0	network layer	3. converts the segments from the transport layer into packets and is responsible for path determination, routing delivering of these packets, and logical addressing	this layer adds (ip) addresses to the packets. it is below the 'transport layer' which splits the data to be sent into packets.
1	0	network layer	this layer is dedicated to routing and switching information to different networks, lans, or internetworks.	dedicated to routing &  switching info between different hosts, networks &  inter-networks  * measured in packets
2	1	network layer	add logical address to data segment	provides logical addressing, which routers use for path determination
2	1	network layer	the third layer in the osi model. with this layer, think ip addresses. routers work at layer 3.	layer 3 of the osi model handles logical addressing and routing of pdus across internetworks
2	1	network layer	the third layer in the osi model. with this layer, think ip addresses. routers work at layer 3.	the third layer in the osi model. routers operate at this layer.
2	1	network layer	packet: where routers operate at. ip address. tcp/ip protocol. provides connections between hosts on different networks.	third layer in the tcp/ip stack. routers and other hardware operate on this layer. determining the path that packets will take using ip addresses.
0	0	network layer	osi layer wherein there is a source to destination delivery of packets across multiple networks which is no need if two systems are directly connected to the same link	3rd layer also called internet layer, allows different networks to communicate with each other through routers. responsible for getting data delivered across a collection of networks.
1	0	network layer	selects and manages the best logical path for data transfer across a vast network	responsible for creating, maintaining and ending network connection, transfers data packet from node to node (e.g. router to router) within the network.
0	0	network layer	osi layer wherein there is a source to destination delivery of packets across multiple networks which is no need if two systems are directly connected to the same link	the layer of the osi model that describes how data is routed across networks and on to the destination.
3	1	network layer	- layer 3 of the osi model - moves packets between computers on different networks. routers operate at this layer. ip operates at this layer	moves packets between computers on different networks. routers operate at this layer. ip and ipx operate at this layer
2	1	network layer	packet: where routers operate at. ip address. tcp/ip protocol. provides connections between hosts on different networks.	layer 3 of the osi model, it is primarily concerned with forwarding data based on logical addresses. ip addresses and routers are examples.
1	0	network layer	passes datagrams across a network using ip protocol to find the best path across an entire network. (like the postal service) has numerous router protocols.	routes packets from one network to another, navigating networks following a path of least traffic.
3	1	network layer	path determination and ip (logical addressing)  -uses network addresses (ip address)  -routers operate at this layer  -sends traffic based on ip address	third layer in the tcp/ip stack. routers and other hardware operate on this layer. determining the path that packets will take using ip addresses.
0	0	network layer	path determination and ip (logical addressing)  -uses network addresses (ip address)  -routers operate at this layer  -sends traffic based on ip address	layer 3 of the osi model, it is primarily concerned with forwarding data based on logical addresses. ip addresses and routers are examples.
3	1	relational data model	two-dimensional table representation of data, each row represents a unique record or entity, each column a field where record attributes are stored	a table representation of data; attributes (columns) and records (rows)
1	0	relational data model	the relational model uses a collection of tables to represent both data and the relationships among those data -columns = properties  -rows = instances	- object types are represented as sets, known as relations - each relation consists of instances which are called tuples - usual way to represent relations is in tables
3	1	relational data model	two-dimensional table representation of data, each row represents a unique record or entity, each column a field where record attributes are stored	two-dimensional table where each row represents a record and each column represents a field containing attributes
1	0	relational data model	collection of relations (tables), each containing tuples (rows) and attributes (columns)	tuple = row  attribute = column relation = table
0	0	relational data model	most commonly used in contemporary database applications	-collection of concepts used to describe the data   in an enterprise, from the database   administrators' point-of-view -logical db design step
1	0	relational data model	the relational model uses a collection of tables to represent both data and the relationships among those data -columns = properties  -rows = instances	represents everything in the database as being stored in the form of tables called relations
2	1	relational data model	data and relationships are represented as tables	this uses a collection of tables to represent both data and the relationships among those data.
3	1	capacity planning	involves the construction of new factories, moving production from one location to another, or buying another company and integrating into your supply chain; multi-year effort	long-term view of capacity management. involves the construction of new factories, moving production from one location to another, or buying another company and integrating into your supply chain.
2	1	capacity planning	1) economies (good when company grows) and diseconomies (bad when company grows) of scale 2) capacity timing and sizing strategies  3) systematic approach to capacity decisions	-(dis)economies of scale -capacity timing and sizing strategies -systematic approach to capacity decisions
3	1	capacity planning	-estimating the size and type of the standard and advanced network circuits for each type of network	estimating size and type of network circuits for each network type
2	1	capacity planning	concerned with determining the level of human and other resources that will be necessary to meet the production targets of the organisation.	o the process of determining the production capacity needed by an organization to meet changing demands.
0	0	program execution	controlled by two special-purpose registers	double click an icon or single click in some cases
1	0	program execution	depend on 1. program arguments  2. environment variables  3. dynamic libraries  4. other programs and the operating system	the process of a system loading a program into memory to run.
0	0	theoretical model	describe the way variables of interest are interconnected. usually represented by a diagram or flowchart.	used interchangeably with symbolic model
0	0	theoretical model	highly established set of concepts that are testable; a ready made map for the study	describe the way variables of interest are interconnected. usually represented by a diagram or flowchart.
1	0	traffic analysis	the attempt to gather information about somebody's internet connections by analyzing the timing, length, and destinations of their packets	looks at the network traffic and distinguishes between normal activity and suspicious activity.
1	0	traffic analysis	analysis that asks how much traffic must flow over each of the network's many individual transmission links.	examines the flow of network traffic for patterns and exceptions to those patterns
2	1	traffic analysis	examines the flow of network traffic for patterns and exceptions to those patterns	looks at the network traffic and distinguishes between normal activity and suspicious activity.
2	1	traffic analysis	&gt;&gt; traffic analysis involves determining the location and identity of communicating hosts and could observe the frequency and length of messages being exchanged.	looks at the network traffic and distinguishes between normal activity and suspicious activity.
1	0	traffic analysis	analysis that asks how much traffic must flow over each of the network's many individual transmission links.	&gt;&gt; traffic analysis involves determining the location and identity of communicating hosts and could observe the frequency and length of messages being exchanged.
0	0	traffic analysis	examines the flow of network traffic for patterns and exceptions to those patterns	&gt;&gt; traffic analysis involves determining the location and identity of communicating hosts and could observe the frequency and length of messages being exchanged.
1	0	traffic analysis	analysis that asks how much traffic must flow over each of the network's many individual transmission links.	looks at the network traffic and distinguishes between normal activity and suspicious activity.
0	0	traffic analysis	the attempt to gather information about somebody's internet connections by analyzing the timing, length, and destinations of their packets	examines the flow of network traffic for patterns and exceptions to those patterns
0	0	traffic analysis	analysis that asks how much traffic must flow over each of the network's many individual transmission links.	the attempt to gather information about somebody's internet connections by analyzing the timing, length, and destinations of their packets
1	0	traffic analysis	the attempt to gather information about somebody's internet connections by analyzing the timing, length, and destinations of their packets	&gt;&gt; traffic analysis involves determining the location and identity of communicating hosts and could observe the frequency and length of messages being exchanged.
1	0	hard real-time systems	oses that have tight timing constraints (ex: one used in a hospital)	task must be serviced by its deadline. e.g. flight control system
0	0	random variables	well defined function from a sample space to the set of real numbers	-subject to variation due to chance -two types: discrete and random
1	0	random variables	well defined function from a sample space to the set of real numbers	represents some &"number&" that occurs randomly and for which we can assign a probability
0	0	random variables	always quantitative (either discrete or continuous) notation: x, y, z	represents some &"number&" that occurs randomly and for which we can assign a probability
0	0	random variables	always quantitative (either discrete or continuous) notation: x, y, z	well defined function from a sample space to the set of real numbers
1	0	random variables	-subject to variation due to chance -two types: discrete and random	values that variable takes resulting from random phenomenon; explained by probability distribution - either discrete or continuous
0	0	random variables	probability, mean, variance, percentiles, experimental design, cross-validation, goodness of fit, and robust statistics , ...	-are values that are determined by chance.
1	0	random variables	always quantitative (either discrete or continuous) notation: x, y, z	is a variable (typically represented by x) that has a single numerical value (determined by chance) for each outcome of an experiment
1	0	random variables	values that variable takes resulting from random phenomenon; explained by probability distribution - either discrete or continuous	variables whose values are determined by chance
1	0	random variables	is a variable (typically represented by x) that has a single numerical value (determined by chance) for each outcome of an experiment	-subject to variation due to chance -two types: discrete and random
0	0	random variables	well defined function from a sample space to the set of real numbers	variables whose values are determined by chance
0	0	random variables	a numerical description of the outcome of an experiment	well defined function from a sample space to the set of real numbers
2	1	random variables	is a variable (typically represented by x) that has a single numerical value (determined by chance) for each outcome of an experiment	values that variable takes resulting from random phenomenon; explained by probability distribution - either discrete or continuous
0	0	random variables	a numerical description of the outcome of an experiment	always quantitative (either discrete or continuous) notation: x, y, z
1	0	random variables	a numerical description of the outcome of an experiment	is a variable (typically represented by x) that has a single numerical value (determined by chance) for each outcome of an experiment
0	0	random variables	a numerical description of the outcome of an experiment	values that variable takes resulting from random phenomenon; explained by probability distribution - either discrete or continuous
2	1	random variables	a numerical measure of the outcome of a random phenomenon. it transfers random outcomes or events into real values	a variable whose possible values are numerical outcomes of a random phenomenon
2	1	random variables	always quantitative (either discrete or continuous) notation: x, y, z	values that variable takes resulting from random phenomenon; explained by probability distribution - either discrete or continuous
2	1	random variables	is a variable (typically represented by x) that has a single numerical value (determined by chance) for each outcome of an experiment	represents some &"number&" that occurs randomly and for which we can assign a probability
2	1	random variables	values that variable takes resulting from random phenomenon; explained by probability distribution - either discrete or continuous	represents some &"number&" that occurs randomly and for which we can assign a probability
2	1	random variables	-parameters that are not known with a high degree of certainty  -randomly generated from the specified probability distributions.	input to a simulation model whose value is uncertain and described by a probability distribution.
2	1	random variables	-subject to variation due to chance -two types: discrete and random	variables whose values are determined by chance
0	0	random variables	is a variable (typically represented by x) that has a single numerical value (determined by chance) for each outcome of an experiment	variables whose values are determined by chance
1	0	random variables	numerical outcome of a random phenomenon.	the outcome is random, as is the mean calculated from a random sample.
2	1	random variables	a variable whose possible values are numerical outcomes of a random phenomenon	the outcome is random, as is the mean calculated from a random sample.
0	0	random variables	a numerical description of the outcome of an experiment	variables whose values are determined by chance
1	0	random variables	variables whose values are determined by chance	represents some &"number&" that occurs randomly and for which we can assign a probability
3	1	decision tree	graphical representation of a decision table's conditions, actions, and rules	a graphical representation of the conditions, actions, and rules found in a decision table.
1	0	decision tree	nodes represent decision points, and children represent options available	decision trees work by evaluating a question containing a feature at every node and selecting a branch to the next node, based on the answer.
0	0	decision tree	a data mining methodology. a tool used in decision analysis and is another tool used to represent the entity-relationship model.	a tool that uses tree-like graphs of decisions and possible consequences
3	1	decision tree	represent a hierarchical segmentation of data   model of decisions and their possible consequences, including chance event outcomes, resource costs, and utility.	a tool that uses tree-like graphs of decisions and possible consequences
2	1	decision tree	a mathematical model used to assist a business in making a decision	a schematic model of decision making showing the available alternatives for the decision maker including the possible consequences
1	0	decision tree	decision node: ask q about attribute edges: answer to the question (specific value or range of values). connects to another decision node	nodes represent decision points, and children represent options available
1	0	decision tree	a graphical method which aids decision making by identifying and quantifying possible outcomes, probabilities of outcomes and expected values of outcomes	map possible outcomes of a series of related choices guides thinking towards desired outcome
2	1	decision tree	a tool that can be used to visualize the important aspects of a problem. this graphical model shows decisions, alternatives, actions, and outcomes. use: sequence of decisions	a decision tree is a tool that can be used to visualize the important aspects of a problem. this graphical model shows decisions, alternatives, actions, and outcomes.
1	0	decision tree	a diagram that lays out different branches that are the result of different decisions made or the result of different economic situations.	shows how different decisions during a project's life can affect its value
1	0	decision tree	represent a hierarchical segmentation of data   model of decisions and their possible consequences, including chance event outcomes, resource costs, and utility.	a schematic representation of the available alternatives and their possible consequences, useful for analyzing sequential decisions.
1	0	decision tree	modeling tool used to evaluate independent decisions that must be made in sequence.	a schematic representation of the available alternatives and their possible consequences, useful for analyzing sequential decisions.
3	1	decision tree	a way to structure multi-stage decision problems that allows us to identify courses of action, consider probability of multiple different states of nature, assess outcomes, and select the best alternative	a simple and visual way of presenting the alternative course of action available when making a decision.   it is a mathematical model based on logic and probability.
1	0	decision tree	enable you to develop classification systems that predict or classify future observations based on a set of decision rules	classification predictive detect criteria for divide pop into classes. two way tables
0	0	decision tree	hypothesis in the form of a tree, used for classification of instances represented as feature vectors	graphically depicts business processes that usually contain several steps   circles represent decisions and squares represent actions
2	1	decision tree	a diagram of possible alternatives and their expected consequences used to formulate possible courses of actions in order to make decisions.	show complex processes with multiple decision rules.  display decision logic (if statements) as set of (nodes) questions and branches (answers).
3	1	decision tree	a graphical method which aids decision making by identifying and quantifying possible outcomes, probabilities of outcomes and expected values of outcomes	a graph that helps decision makers use probability theory by showing the expected values of decisions in varying circumstances
1	0	decision tree	special type of a search tree you can use to find a solution to a problem by choosing from alternatives starting from the root node.	decision node: ask q about attribute edges: answer to the question (specific value or range of values). connects to another decision node
2	1	decision tree	a schematic representation of the available alternatives and their possible consequences, useful for analyzing sequential decisions.	a decision support tool that uses a tree-like model of decisions and their possible consequences, including chance event outcomes, resource costs, and utility.
1	0	decision tree	a mathematical model used to assist a business in making a decision	a schematic model of alternatives available to the decision maker along with their possible consequences.
1	0	decision tree	• by observing the data and splitting it into sections, rules are created for either prediction or classification problems. • mimics a subject matter expert...pre data mining days.	classification predictive detect criteria for divide pop into classes. two way tables
0	0	decision tree	hypothesis in the form of a tree, used for classification of instances represented as feature vectors	a graphical presentation of a sequence of interrelated decisions to be made under assume risk. classified specific entities into classes based on its features.
1	0	decision tree	a graphical presentation of a sequence of interrelated decisions to be made under assume risk. classified specific entities into classes based on its features.	graphically depicts business processes that usually contain several steps   circles represent decisions and squares represent actions
0	0	decision tree	a data mining methodology. a tool used in decision analysis and is another tool used to represent the entity-relationship model.	a decision support tool that uses a tree-like model of decisions and their possible consequences, including chance event outcomes, resource costs, and utility.
2	1	decision tree	represent a hierarchical segmentation of data   model of decisions and their possible consequences, including chance event outcomes, resource costs, and utility.	a decision support tool that uses a tree-like model of decisions and their possible consequences, including chance event outcomes, resource costs, and utility.
0	0	decision tree	modeling tool used to evaluate independent decisions that must be made in sequence.	a tool that uses tree-like graphs of decisions and possible consequences
0	0	decision tree	provides a graphical representation of the decision-making process  square node - means you need to make a decision	modeling tool used to evaluate independent decisions that must be made in sequence.
2	1	decision tree	special type of a search tree you can use to find a solution to a problem by choosing from alternatives starting from the root node.	decision trees work by evaluating a question containing a feature at every node and selecting a branch to the next node, based on the answer.
0	0	decision tree	often tied to the outcome of other events. shows schematic of how things could progress and provides alternatives	a graph that helps decision makers use probability theory by showing the expected values of decisions in varying circumstances
3	1	decision tree	it recursively divides a training set until each division consist entirely or primarily of examples from one class.	▪employs the divide and conquer method ▪recursively divides a training set until each division consists of examples from one class
0	0	decision tree	represent a hierarchical segmentation of data   model of decisions and their possible consequences, including chance event outcomes, resource costs, and utility.	provides a graphical representation of the decision-making process  square node - means you need to make a decision
2	1	decision tree	a graphical presentation of a sequence of interrelated decisions to be made under assume risk. classified specific entities into classes based on its features.	-acyclic graph to make decision -each node has a feature examined and then path determined -predict class given a feature
3	1	decision tree	a schematic model of decision making showing the available alternatives for the decision maker including the possible consequences	a schematic model of alternatives available to the decision maker along with their possible consequences.
1	0	decision tree	a data mining methodology. a tool used in decision analysis and is another tool used to represent the entity-relationship model.	a schematic representation of the available alternatives and their possible consequences, useful for analyzing sequential decisions.
2	1	decision tree	a graphical representation of the conditions, actions, and rules found in a decision table.	graphical representation of decisions table
1	0	decision tree	represent a hierarchical segmentation of data   model of decisions and their possible consequences, including chance event outcomes, resource costs, and utility.	modeling tool used to evaluate independent decisions that must be made in sequence.
0	0	decision tree	a graph of decisions and their possible consequences; it is used to create a plan to reach a goal	hierarchical arrangement of criteria that predict a classification or value  easy to understand easy to implement can deal with partial or incomplete data
2	1	decision tree	provides a graphical representation of the decision-making process  square node - means you need to make a decision	a schematic representation of the available alternatives and their possible consequences, useful for analyzing sequential decisions.
1	0	decision tree	often tied to the outcome of other events. shows schematic of how things could progress and provides alternatives	map possible outcomes of a series of related choices guides thinking towards desired outcome
0	0	decision tree	hypothesis in the form of a tree, used for classification of instances represented as feature vectors	built from examples, traversed to draw conclusions based on data divide-and-conquer, greedy search can be viewed as a description of a concept as well as a path to a decision
1	0	decision tree	special type of a search tree you can use to find a solution to a problem by choosing from alternatives starting from the root node.	nodes represent decision points, and children represent options available
2	1	decision tree	hierarchical arrangement of criteria that predict a classification or value  easy to understand easy to implement can deal with partial or incomplete data	graph of decisions and their possible consequences, used to create a plan to reach a goal  a hierarchical arrangement of criteria that predict a classification or a value
1	0	decision tree	provides a graphical representation of the decision-making process  square node - means you need to make a decision	a data mining methodology. a tool used in decision analysis and is another tool used to represent the entity-relationship model.
1	0	requirements engineering	the processes involved in developing system requirements.	the process of systematically identifying and handling the requirements for a software system
3	1	requirements engineering	the process of systematically identifying and handling the requirements for a software system	a systematic process of understanding and specifying the solution, and managing the requirements
1	0	requirements engineering	systematic way of developing requirements though iterative process of analyzing problem, documenting the resulting observations, and checking the accuracy of the understanding gained.	a systematic way of developing requirements through an iterative process
2	1	requirements engineering	process of establishing: 1. the services that a customer requires from a system 2. the constraints under which the services operate and are developed	establishing the services that a custom requires, and the constraints
0	0	requirements engineering	the process of developing a software application	establishing customer requirements and the constraints of the system
2	1	requirements engineering	the process of understanding and defining what services are required from the system and identifying the constraints on the system's operation and development.	a systematic process of understanding and specifying the solution, and managing the requirements
1	0	requirements engineering	the processes involved in developing system requirements.	a systematic process of understanding and specifying the solution, and managing the requirements
2	1	requirements engineering	the process of developing a software specification -- software specs are for communicating customer needs to the system developers	establishing customer requirements and the constraints of the system
1	0	requirements engineering	- requirements elicitation - requirements modeling - requirements analysis - requirements documentation - requirements validation - requirements management	aims to define the requirements of the system under construction; includes requirements elicitation and analysis
0	0	requirements engineering	determining what the customer wants the system to do, under what constraints, and including other important details	• discovery, documenting and maintaining a set of requirements for a system • communication is important • may be biggest cause of software trouble
2	1	requirements engineering	the process of developing a software application	the process of developing a software specification -- software specs are for communicating customer needs to the system developers
1	0	formal analysis	the analysis of the form utilized a work of art; a close inspection of the artist's use in color, shape, line, mass, and color.	the analysis of how combination of numerous features like (color, texture, lime, composition, space and medium) work together
1	0	formal analysis	a visual study that includes careful description of the artwork and its use of elements and principles	it's a form of analysis that focuses on the visual qualities of the work, and it requires skill in observation and description.
2	1	formal analysis	it is a close inspection of the artist's use of aspects such as color, shape, line, mass, and space.	the analysis of the form utilized a work of art; a close inspection of the artist's use in color, shape, line, mass, and color.
0	0	formal analysis	analysis of the form or visual appearance of a work of art using the visual language of elements and principles.	the process of analyzing the elements and principles used by the artist
1	0	formal analysis	the analysis of how combination of numerous features like (color, texture, lime, composition, space and medium) work together	when you analyze the painting and take into account the strokes of the brush, colors, lighting, and the details the artist put in the image
1	0	formal analysis	visual description of a work of art that includes elements of arts which are line, color, texture, value, space, shape and form	elements of art (lines, shape, value, texture, color, point)
1	0	formal analysis	a visual study that includes careful description of the artwork and its use of elements and principles	the process of analyzing the elements and principles used by the artist
0	0	requirements analysis	the examination of clients needs and production of the system specification	the determination of system specific characteristics based on analysis of customer needs, requirements and objectives; missions; projected utilization environments for people, products and processes; and measures of effectiveness.
1	0	requirements analysis	examining gathered requirements in order to identify those that overlap, are in conflict with others or are duplicates.	1. analysis of elicited requirements in order to understand and document them. 2. synonym for requirements engineering.
2	1	requirements analysis	analyzing requirements involves reaching a richer and more precise understanding of each requirement and representing sets of requirements in multiple ways	- analyze the requirements of the system and verify that the list is complete, unambiguous, consistent and correct
0	0	requirements analysis	examples of requirements regarding system behavior for three distinct types of interactive systems: an e-commerce website, an atm, and a mobile messaging app.	the process by which stakeholders identify the features a new information system will need and then prioritize them as mandatory, preferred, or nonessential.
1	0	requirements analysis	understanding what the customer wants the software to do. aka, when developing software, this is the stage where you &"define the problem.&"	specify what the application must do; answers the &"what&"
1	0	requirements analysis	the second phase in the sdlc, in which developers conduct user interviews; evaluate existing systems; determine new forms/reports/queries; identify new features and functions, including security; and create the data model	the process by which stakeholders identify the features a new information system will need and then prioritize them as mandatory, preferred, or nonessential.
2	1	requirements analysis	customer and development team discuss -&gt; requirements document	produce requirements document, discuss what the system should do
0	0	requirements analysis	the examination of clients needs and production of the system specification	activity of eliciting, examining/understanding stakeholder needs, developing requirements specifications, and evaluating them to ascertain the clarity/completeness/consistency/correctness/well-formedness
1	0	requirements analysis	a. process of understanding what is wanted and needed in an app b. express requirements in writing to complete understanding and create contract b/w developer and customer	§ understand the needs, meet with potential users, stake holders, understand different views of the problem
1	0	mobile computing	two major characteristics: -mobility -broad reach	refers to a real-time connection between a mobile device and other computing environments. -offers mobility and broad reach -provides foundation for mobile commerce
3	1	mobile computing	a real-time, wireless connection ban a mobile device &  other computing environments, such as internet  2 major characteristics: - mobility - broad reach	- a real-time connection between a mobile device another computing environments such as the internet or intranet - characteristics = mobility and broad reach
1	0	mobile computing	two major characteristics: -mobility -broad reach	refers to a real time connection between a mobile device and other computing environments, such as as the internet or an intranet  mobility and broad reach
3	1	mobile computing	- a real-time connection between a mobile device another computing environments such as the internet or intranet - characteristics = mobility and broad reach	refers to a real-time connection between a mobile device and other computing environments. -offers mobility and broad reach -provides foundation for mobile commerce
2	1	mobile computing	enables a real-time connection between a mobile device and computing networks, or to any other computing device-anytime, anywhere	a real-time connection between a mobile decide and other computing environments, such as the internet and an intranet
2	1	mobile computing	a real-time, wireless connection ban a mobile device &  other computing environments, such as internet  2 major characteristics: - mobility - broad reach	refers to a real time connection between a mobile device and other computing environments, such as as the internet or an intranet  mobility and broad reach
3	1	mobile computing	- a real-time connection between a mobile device another computing environments such as the internet or intranet - characteristics = mobility and broad reach	refers to a real time connection between a mobile device and other computing environments, such as as the internet or an intranet  mobility and broad reach
0	0	mobile computing	real time connection between mobile device and internet or intranet	wireless connection between mobile device and other computing environments such as internet or intranet
2	1	mobile computing	a real-time, wireless connection ban a mobile device &  other computing environments, such as internet  2 major characteristics: - mobility - broad reach	refers to a real-time connection between a mobile device and other computing environments. -offers mobility and broad reach -provides foundation for mobile commerce
0	0	mobile computing	a person's ability to use technology in non-stationary positions and in transit	a broad general term describing your ability to use technology to wirelessly connect to and use centrally located information and/or application software
1	0	design decisions	are based on the considerations you make about proportion results of the consultation and your understanding of design composition	decisions made, their rationale, and other alternatives that were considered. this helps explain the entire architecture
0	0	design decisions	choices of functions, classes, relationships to satisfy system requirements	are based on the considerations you make about proportion results of the consultation and your understanding of design composition
1	0	design decisions	-decisions you make as you go through the design process	decisions made, their rationale, and other alternatives that were considered. this helps explain the entire architecture
1	0	design decisions	-decisions you make as you go through the design process	are based on the considerations you make about proportion results of the consultation and your understanding of design composition
2	1	memory leaks	memory problems that cause memory to be exhausted over a period of time. can lead to dos attacks. can take place in operating systems, applications, and software drivers	if memory is allocated with new but never deleted the leaked block of memory in the heap will be unavailable until the program ends
0	0	memory leaks	memory problems that cause memory to be exhausted over a period of time.	when application continuously allocates additional resources, eventually the finite resources of the host machine are exhausted, leading the system to hang or crash.
1	0	memory leaks	memory problems that cause memory to be exhausted over a period of time.	if memory is allocated with new but never deleted the leaked block of memory in the heap will be unavailable until the program ends
1	0	memory leaks	if memory is allocated with new but never deleted the leaked block of memory in the heap will be unavailable until the program ends	when application continuously allocates additional resources, eventually the finite resources of the host machine are exhausted, leading the system to hang or crash.
0	0	fault detection	the process of finding faults and exposing failures in software	uncontrolled and controlled experiment used during development process to identify erroneous states and find the underlying faults before releasing the system  ex. debugging and testing
1	0	fault detection	uncontrolled and controlled experiment used during development process to identify erroneous states and find the underlying faults before releasing the system  ex. debugging and testing	fault detection (while system is running)  - testing: activity to provoke failures in a planned way  - debugging: find and remove the cause (fault) of an observed failure
1	0	fault detection	means that a program should watch for errors so that it fails gracefully if needed.	the process of finding faults and exposing failures in software
0	0	fault detection	means that a program should watch for errors so that it fails gracefully if needed.	uncontrolled and controlled experiment used during development process to identify erroneous states and find the underlying faults before releasing the system  ex. debugging and testing
0	0	file systems	- programmers must know the physical location and layout of records used by the program   - process is complex if using several files	provided quicker access to data and programs and jobs became more complex compositions of programs and data sets
2	1	file systems	electronic storage medium invented in 1950s. high level programming languages (cobol). batch processing. many applications (general ledger, payroll, banking, inventory, etc)	electronic storage developed in the 1950s, high level programming, many applications in finance, accounting, etc..
3	1	file systems	- electronic storage medium (1950s) - high level programming languages (cobol) accounting: payroll  finance: banking operations: inventory hr: contract management	electronic storage developed in the 1950s, high level programming, many applications in finance, accounting, etc..
0	0	theoretical foundations	-the needs of the client and the reason why we give certain treatments   -this is universal- this framework is models of practice	people form ideas/concepts about a phenomenon or idea of interest such as health
0	0	statistical significance	the difference between two variables did not occur by chance	an indicator that the relationship between two variables is meaningful(did not happen by chance).  cut off is p&lt;.05(happens by chance less than 5 times out of 100)
2	1	statistical significance	when a statistical test says that the relationship we have observed is probably not due to chance alone	an observed difference between two descriptive statistics that is unlikely to have occurred by chance represents
1	0	statistical significance	probability there is a true difference in scores compared to perceived difference from overlapping margins of error	low probability that difference between obtained sample -&gt; random error
2	1	statistical significance	the likelihood that the results of a study such as an association between variables, could have occurred by chance	similar to confidence interval-- differences were unlikely to have occurred due to chance alone, caused by the treatment
1	0	statistical significance	a relationship or difference between variables is a real difference=didn't occur by chance an indicator that the relationship between the two variables is meaningful	if a relationship or difference between variables is statistically significant, • the typical cut off for significance in media research is p&lt;.05
1	0	statistical significance	probability there is a true difference in scores compared to perceived difference from overlapping margins of error	exists when the probability that the observed findings are due to chance is very low; precision and intolerance of error
3	1	statistical significance	probability of the results of a study happening by chance	how likely it is that an obtained result occurred by chance
2	1	statistical significance	how likely a result is by chance; cutoff value for stastical significance is p value of .05	refers to the cutoff point (i.e., critical value); any value that exceeds the cutoff point will be noted as statistically significant
3	1	statistical significance	a statistical statement of how likely it is that an obtained result occurred by chance indicates likelihood not importance	a statistical statement of how likely it is that a study's result occurred merely by chance
3	1	statistical significance	the likelihood that relationships observed in a sample could be attributed to chance (sampling error) alone.	a coefficient that indicates the chances of a relationship found in the sample occurring by chance and not existing in the population
3	1	statistical significance	a statistical statement of how likely it is that an obtained result occurred by chance	indication of how likely a result obtained occured by chance
3	1	statistical significance	a relationship or difference between variables is a real difference=didn't occur by chance an indicator that the relationship between the two variables is meaningful	-it is a real difference = did not occur by chance -indicator that relationship between two variables is meaningful
0	0	statistical significance	achieved when a result is very unlikely to occur by chance	how likely it is that an obtained result occurred by chance. statistical sig. is achieved when the results of the study are unlikely to happen by chance. unlikely=(&lt;5% chance)
1	0	statistical significance	probability there is a true difference in scores compared to perceived difference from overlapping margins of error	matter of probability. low probability that the difference between obtained sample means was due to random error.
2	1	statistical significance	when p&lt;0.05 less than 5% chance that the correlation is due to chance alone	how likely it is that the findings are due to randomness and not a true effect
0	0	statistical significance	an observed difference between two descriptive statistics (such as means) that is unlikely due to chance	how likely it is that the findings are due to randomness and not a true effect
1	0	statistical significance	the likelihood that relationships observed in a sample could be attributed to chance (sampling error) alone.	a term indicating that the results from an analysis of sample data are unlikely to have been caused by chance, at a specific level of probability
0	0	statistical significance	when p&lt;0.05 less than 5% chance that the correlation is due to chance alone	an observed difference between two descriptive statistics (such as means) that is unlikely due to chance
0	0	statistical significance	when a statistical test says that the relationship we have observed is probably not due to chance alone	when p&lt;0.05 less than 5% chance that the correlation is due to chance alone
3	1	statistical significance	a statistical statement of how likely it is that a study's result occurred merely by chance	statement of how likely it is that an obtained result occured by chance
3	1	statistical significance	the difference between two variables did not occur by chance (indicating that the relationship between the two variables is meaningful) typical is p&lt;.05	real difference = did not occur by chance, relationship between variables in meaningful, cutoff is p&lt;0.05
3	1	statistical significance	the difference between two variables did not occur by chance (indicating that the relationship between the two variables is meaningful) typical is p&lt;.05	-it is a real difference = did not occur by chance -indicator that relationship between two variables is meaningful
1	0	statistical significance	when there is very low probability of a result occurring if the population means are equal, or because of random error.	matter of probability. low probability that the difference between obtained sample means was due to random error.
2	1	statistical significance	a standard for deciding whether an observed result is because of chance.	there is a difference, an unusual event that has a low probability of occurring by chance when h0 is true.
1	0	statistical significance	when there is very low probability of a result occurring if the population means are equal, or because of random error.	probability there is a true difference in scores compared to perceived difference from overlapping margins of error
3	1	statistical significance	when the probability that the observed findings are due to chance is very low , usually less than 5 chances in 100.	achieved in a study when we get a result that is very unlikely to occur by chance - 5% or less
0	0	statistical significance	a measure of the amount of risk we are willing to take when reaching a conclusion about the relationship between variables	the degree of risk you are willing to take to that you will reject a null hypothesis (make an error in your hypothesis)
1	0	statistical significance	rejection of the null hypothesis when an outcome has a low probability of occurrence if, in fact, the null hypothesis is correct	rejection of the null hypothesis when an outcome has a low probability of occurence
0	0	statistical significance	-it is a real difference = did not occur by chance -indicator that relationship between two variables is meaningful	if a relationship or difference between variables is statistically significant, • the typical cut off for significance in media research is p&lt;.05
1	0	statistical significance	when its probability of occurring due to chance is at or below a cutoff point that is selected in advance-- before analyzing data	describes research results when the outcome of a statistical test indicates that the probability of those results occurring by chance is small
2	1	statistical significance	a relationship or difference between variables is a real difference=didn't occur by chance an indicator that the relationship between the two variables is meaningful	real difference = did not occur by chance, relationship between variables in meaningful, cutoff is p&lt;0.05
1	0	statistical significance	a finding that is very unlikely to be due to error variance.	when its probability of occurring due to chance is at or below a cutoff point that is selected in advance-- before analyzing data
2	1	statistical significance	definition: a statistical statement of how likely it is that an obtained result occurred by chance.  my definition: probability that results are due to chance example: picture	an inferential statistic that indicates how likely the result of a given study was due to chance (typically, an acceptable level in the field of psychology is less than 5%).
1	0	statistical significance	the difference between two variables did not occur by chance	an observed effect so large that it would rarely occur by chance
3	1	statistical significance	when statistical tests results accepts research hypothesis and doesn't support null hypothesis	accept the research hypothesis and reject the null hypothesis (p&lt; .05)
1	0	statistical significance	a statistical statement of how likely it is that an obtained result occurred by chance (p value should be less than or equal to 3)	refers to the cutoff point (i.e., critical value); any value that exceeds the cutoff point will be noted as statistically significant
1	0	statistical significance	indicated by the p-value; interpreted as the probability of finding the results of the study, assuming that the null hypothesis of no difference between the groups is true	a decision made concerning a value stated in the null hypothesis. when the null hypothesis is rejected, we reach significance. also called significance.
3	1	statistical significance	statistical significance is achieved when the resort is very unlikely to occur by chance	achieved when a result is very unlikely to occur by chance
1	0	statistical significance	low probability that difference between obtained sample -&gt; random error	exists when the probability that the observed findings are due to chance is very low; precision and intolerance of error
2	1	statistical significance	the likelihood that the results of a study such as an association between variables, could have occurred by chance	observed effect so extreme it would rarely occur by chance
2	1	statistical significance	when a statistical test says that the relationship we have observed is probably not due to chance alone	how likely it is that the findings are due to randomness and not a true effect
2	1	statistical significance	a standard for deciding whether an observed result is because of chance.	similar to confidence interval-- differences were unlikely to have occurred due to chance alone, caused by the treatment
0	0	statistical significance	how likely it is that an obtained result occurred by chance when an observed response is so drastic of a difference that it would rarely happen by chance	means that the results are not likely to occur by chance alone.
2	1	statistical significance	observed effect so extreme it would rarely occur by chance	similar to confidence interval-- differences were unlikely to have occurred due to chance alone, caused by the treatment
1	0	statistical significance	a general term that refers to the likelihood that relationships observed in a sample could be attributed to chance (sampling error) alone	a coefficient that indicates the chances of a relationship found in the sample occurring by chance and not existing in the population
1	0	statistical significance	probability used to determine if the findings are due to error or &"real&" difference/relationship	when there is a 95% or more probability that the study findings were not due to chance
1	0	statistical significance	rejection of the null hypothesis when an outcome has a low probability of occurrence if, in fact, the null hypothesis is correct	if p &lt; .05, reject the null hypothesis and accept the research hypothesis (statistical significance)
2	1	statistical significance	an indicator that the relationship between two variables is meaningful(did not happen by chance).  cut off is p&lt;.05(happens by chance less than 5 times out of 100)	an observed effect so large that it would rarely occur by chance
3	1	statistical significance	a significant result is one that has a very low probability of occurring if the population means are equal	when there is very low probability of a result occurring if the population means are equal, or because of random error.
3	1	statistical significance	when a statistical test says that the relationship we have observed is probably not due to chance alone	an observed difference between two descriptive statistics (such as means) that is unlikely due to chance
3	1	statistical significance	a statistical statement of how likely it is that an obtained result occurred by chance indicates likelihood not importance	statement of how likely it is that an obtained result occured by chance
1	0	statistical significance	an observed difference between two descriptive statistics that is unlikely to have occurred by chance represents	how likely it is that the findings are due to randomness and not a true effect
3	1	statistical significance	the condition that exists when the probability that the observed findings are due to chance is very low (&lt; 5% likely to occur by chance).	significant because the results most likely did not occur by chance (need a p value ≤.05)
1	0	statistical significance	statistical significance is achieved when the resort is very unlikely to occur by chance	how likely it is that an obtained result occurred by chance. statistical sig. is achieved when the results of the study are unlikely to happen by chance. unlikely=(&lt;5% chance)
3	1	statistical significance	a number representing the probability that the result of a study could have happened purely by chance	a number that expresses the probability that the result of a given experiment or study could have occurred purely by chance.
2	1	statistical significance	a general term that refers to the likelihood that relationships observed in a sample could be attributed to chance (sampling error) alone	a term indicating that the results from an analysis of sample data are unlikely to have been caused by chance, at a specific level of probability
2	1	statistical significance	an observed difference between two descriptive statistics that is unlikely to have occurred by chance represents	when p&lt;0.05 less than 5% chance that the correlation is due to chance alone
3	1	statistical significance	when a result from testing/experimenting is not likely to occur randomly, but is instead likely to be attributable to a specific cause.	a claim that a result from a test is not likely to occur randomly, but is instead likely to be from a specific cause
0	0	statistical significance	a significant result is one that has a very low probability of occurring if the population means are equal	matter of probability. low probability that the difference between obtained sample means was due to random error.
2	1	statistical significance	a standard for deciding whether an observed result is because of chance.	observed effect so extreme it would rarely occur by chance
2	1	statistical significance	if p &lt; .05, reject the null hypothesis and accept the research hypothesis (statistical significance)	rejection of the null hypothesis when an outcome has a low probability of occurence
3	1	statistical significance	an observed difference between two descriptive statistics that is unlikely to have occurred by chance represents	an observed difference between two descriptive statistics (such as means) that is unlikely due to chance
3	1	statistical significance	matter of probability. low probability that the difference between obtained sample means was due to random error.	low probability that difference between obtained sample -&gt; random error
1	0	statistical significance	a significant result is one that has a very low probability of occurring if the population means are equal	low probability that difference between obtained sample -&gt; random error
0	0	statistical significance	there is a difference, an unusual event that has a low probability of occurring by chance when h0 is true.	similar to confidence interval-- differences were unlikely to have occurred due to chance alone, caused by the treatment
0	0	statistical significance	means that the differences in group means are not likely due to chance	degree of difference between the performance of the two groups   if the difference is large enough, then it is unlikely that the difference is due to chance
1	0	statistical significance	the likelihood that the results of a study such as an association between variables, could have occurred by chance	there is a difference, an unusual event that has a low probability of occurring by chance when h0 is true.
2	1	statistical significance	how likely a result is by chance; cutoff value for stastical significance is p value of .05	a statistical statement of how likely it is that an obtained result occurred by chance (p value should be less than or equal to 3)
2	1	statistical significance	a significant result is one that has a very low probability of occurring if the population means are equal	exists when the probability that the observed findings are due to chance is very low; precision and intolerance of error
3	1	statistical significance	how likely a result is by chance; cutoff value for stastical significance is p value of .05	a p value of .05 is the cut-off for statistical significant results, ie not based in chance.
2	1	statistical significance	a statistical statement of how likely it is that an obtained result occurred by chance. (myers psychology for ap 2e p. 060)	a measure of how likely it is that an obtained result occurred by chance. showed by the p-value. the smaller the p the more significant the results. (&lt;0.05)
0	0	statistical significance	when there is very low probability of a result occurring if the population means are equal, or because of random error.	exists when the probability that the observed findings are due to chance is very low; precision and intolerance of error
2	1	software maintenance	the process of modifying software after delivery to correct faults, improve performance, or adapt to an environment	modifying a program after it has been put into use
1	0	software maintenance	the process of modifying a software system or  component after delivery to correct faults, improve  performance or other attributes, or adapt to a  changed environment	modifying a program after it has been put into use
3	1	software maintenance	the process of modifying software after delivery to correct faults, improve performance, or adapt to an environment	the process of modifying a software system or  component after delivery to correct faults, improve  performance or other attributes, or adapt to a  changed environment
3	1	relational algebra	domain — the set of relations operations:  - unary: select, project - join: cartesian product, theta-join, natural join - set operations: union, intersection, difference - others: division	a set of mathematical principles that form the basis for manipulating relational table; the eight main funcitons are select, project, join, intersect, union, difference, product, and divide.
0	0	relational algebra	select project join union  cross product difference	defines the theoretical way of manipulating table contents using relational operators, act on existing tables to produce new tables. ex select, project, join, union, subtract
1	0	relational algebra	set of mathematical principles that form the basis for manipulating relational table contents. i'm	a theoretical way of manipulating a relational database based on set theory
1	0	relational algebra	select project join union  cross product difference	the relational algebra is a procedural language • select • project • cross product (join) • set union • set difference • rename
1	0	relational algebra	take one or two relations as input and return a relation as output.	a procedural query language consisting of a set of operations that take one or two relations as input and produce a new relation as output.
0	0	relational algebra	select project join union  cross product difference	domain — the set of relations operations:  - unary: select, project - join: cartesian product, theta-join, natural join - set operations: union, intersection, difference - others: division
0	0	relational algebra	select project join union  cross product difference	a set of mathematical principles that form the basis for manipulating relational table; the eight main funcitons are select, project, join, intersect, union, difference, product, and divide.
0	0	relational algebra	is a formal system with well-founded semantics used for modeling the data stored in relational databases and defining queries on it.  created by e.f. coddwhile at ibm.	- theoretical way of manipulating a relational database
1	0	relational algebra	domain — the set of relations operations:  - unary: select, project - join: cartesian product, theta-join, natural join - set operations: union, intersection, difference - others: division	the relational algebra is a procedural language • select • project • cross product (join) • set union • set difference • rename
3	1	relational algebra	a theoretical way of manipulating a relational database. relational algebra includes operations that act on existing tables to produce new tables	a relational data manipulation language in which new tables are created from existing tables through the use of a set of operations.
1	0	relational algebra	theoretical way of manipulating table contents using relational operators (select, project, join, union, intersection, subtract, product, rename)	domain — the set of relations operations:  - unary: select, project - join: cartesian product, theta-join, natural join - set operations: union, intersection, difference - others: division
1	0	relational algebra	theoretical way of manipulating table contents using relational operators (select, project, join, union, intersection, subtract, product, rename)	the relational algebra is a procedural language • select • project • cross product (join) • set union • set difference • rename
3	1	relational algebra	theoretical way of manipulating table contents using relational operators (select, project, join, union, intersection, subtract, product, rename)	defines the theoretical way of manipulating table contents using relational operators, act on existing tables to produce new tables. ex select, project, join, union, subtract
0	0	relational algebra	a set of mathematical principles that form the basis for manipulating relational table; the eight main funcitons are select, project, join, intersect, union, difference, product, and divide.	the relational algebra is a procedural language • select • project • cross product (join) • set union • set difference • rename
1	0	relational algebra	theoretical way of manipulating table contents using relational operators (select, project, join, union, intersection, subtract, product, rename)	a set of mathematical principles that form the basis for manipulating relational table; the eight main funcitons are select, project, join, intersect, union, difference, product, and divide.
1	0	relational algebra	procedural language. theoretical way of manipulating table contents using relational operators.	is a formal system with well-founded semantics used for modeling the data stored in relational databases and defining queries on it.  created by e.f. coddwhile at ibm.
3	1	relational algebra	procedural language. theoretical way of manipulating table contents using relational operators.	- theoretical way of manipulating a relational database
1	0	legacy systems	term used to describe older systems that are typically less technologically advanced than currently available systems.	older systems a company uses
1	0	legacy systems	out-of-date computer systems and may include obsolete or aged hardware, outdated software and even older operating systems. they can be transactional or another type of system.	refers to outdated computer systems, programming languages or application software that are used instead of available upgraded versions.
2	1	legacy systems	older systems that rely on languages and technology that are no longer used for new systems development and may be dependent on older hardware.	refers to outdated computer systems, programming languages or application software that are used instead of available upgraded versions.
0	0	legacy systems	older systems using outdated technology but are still functionable	older systems a company uses
2	1	legacy systems	older information systems that are often incompatible with other systems, technologies, &  ways of conducting business	obsolete information systems that are not designed to share data, are not compatible with new technologies, and not aligned with current needs.
3	1	legacy systems	older transaction processing systems created for mainframe computers that continue to be used to avoid the high cost of replacing or redesigning them	old tsp originally designed for mainframe computers that continue to be  used to avoid the costs of replacing or redesigning them.
0	0	legacy systems	out-of-date computer systems and may include obsolete or aged hardware, outdated software and even older operating systems. they can be transactional or another type of system.	older systems that rely on languages and technology that are no longer used for new systems development
2	1	legacy systems	an existing system in operation within an organization (older technology)	are older information systems maintained over decades because they fulfill critical needs.  - they are difficult and expensive to maintain, update, and interface securely with leading-edge business applications.
2	1	legacy systems	older transaction processing systems created for mainframe computers that continue to be used to avoid the high cost of replacing or redesigning them	a system that has been in existence for a long time and that continues to be used to avoid the high cost of replacing or redesigning it
2	1	legacy systems	older systems that rely on languages and technology that are no longer used for new systems development and may be dependent on older hardware.	out-of-date computer systems and may include obsolete or aged hardware, outdated software and even older operating systems. they can be transactional or another type of system.
1	0	legacy systems	an existing system in operation within an organization (older technology)	an old system that is fast approaching or beyond the end of its useful life with in an organization.
1	0	virtual memory	splits processes up and swaps parts in and out of memory (uses both disk space and main memory)	technique that allows the execution of processes that are not completely in memory, by temporarily transferring pages from ram to disk, by separating the logical and physical memory.
2	1	virtual memory	-secondary memory -virtual address space is mapped onto main memory address -mostly implemented in software (memory management software in the o/s)	a memory management technique that is implemented using both hardware and software. it maps memory addresses used by a program, called virtual addresses, into physical addresses in computer memory.
3	1	virtual memory	allows programs to run even when they are only partially in main memory	allows a program to run with only a subset of its assigned address space in main memory
3	1	virtual memory	using a portion of the hard drive as an extension of ram	a technique that uses a portion of the computer's hard disk as an extension of ram.
2	1	virtual memory	when the ram runs out of space, the cpu can designate part of the hard disk as acting like ram and will be treated as such	the space used on the hard drive used as ram when ram is full instructions and data for all running programs are loaded in ram.
3	1	virtual memory	a section of the hard disc used as if it were ram to supplement the amount of main memory available to the computer	disk space used as part of main memory
2	1	virtual memory	separation of user logical memory from physical memory   only part of the program needs to be in memory for execution	separation of user logical memory from physical memory (technique frees programmers from the concerns of memory-storage limitations, only parts of a program needs to be in memory for execution)
1	0	virtual memory	separate the address in a running program (virtual address) and the address in real or primary memory (real address)	a storage allocation scheme in which secondary memory can be addressed as though it were a part of main memory.
3	1	virtual memory	using a portion of the hard drive as an extension of ram	a portion of the hard disk is used as an extension of ram, additional memory is available
2	1	virtual memory	a technique that allows programs to be executed even though they are not entirely stored in memory.	aka vm, technique allows programs to be executed even tho they're temporarily stored in secondary storage
0	0	virtual memory	allows programs to run even when they are only partially in main memory	-early schemes required the entire program be loaded  into main memory -programs had to be loaded into contiguous memory  locations -modern memory management solves these problems
2	1	virtual memory	area of secondary storage used by the os as extra ram.	memory that appears to be main storage although most if it is held in secondary storage
1	0	virtual memory	technique that allows the execution of processes that are not completely in memory, by temporarily transferring pages from ram to disk, by separating the logical and physical memory.	space on a hard disk or other storage device that simulates random access memory; typically used as an applications address space on machines that have it implemented.
1	0	virtual memory	(computer science) memory created by using the hard disk to simulate additional random-access memory	space on a hard disk or other storage device that simulates random access memory. allows for effective multiprogramming and relives user of tight constraints of main memory.
0	0	virtual memory	seemingly an endless supply of memory the operating system provides by coordinating, tracking, and efficiently allocating the use of the cpu cache, registers, ram, and disk storage.	allows a computer to compensate for shortages of physical memory by temporarily transferring pages of data from ram to disk storage
1	0	virtual memory	- space allocated on the hard-drive and used as memory when ram is full. - a lot slower than ram	process of optimizing ram storage by borrowing hard drive space -unused hard disk that expands capacity of ram
2	1	virtual memory	memory that appears to exist as primary storage although most of it is supported by data in the secondary(transfer between them is made automatically)	a portion of a secondary memory medium functioning as additional primary memory
1	0	virtual memory	online secondary memory that is used as an extension of primary memory, giving appearance of larger internal memory	the use of secondary storage devices as an extension of the primary storage of the computer, thus giving the appearance of a larger main memory than actually exists.
3	1	virtual memory	the separation of logical memory as perceived by users from physical memory	separation of user logical memory and physical memory
3	1	virtual memory	a memory-management technique that uses hard drive space as additional ram	part of the hard drive that the operating system uses as additional ram.
0	0	virtual memory	-process is provided with abstract addr space broken into pages by segment -process generates virtual addr -os: virtual -&gt; physical -paging system manages free space	provides virtual address mapping between applications and hardware memory. can also multitask and allow multiple processes to access the same shared library in memory, swapping and others.
0	0	virtual memory	separate the address in a running program (virtual address) and the address in real or primary memory (real address)	storage space that may be regarded as addressable main storage by the user of a computer system in which virtual addresses are mapped into real addresses.
3	1	virtual memory	a portion of a storage medium, usually the hard disk, that the operating system allocates to function as additional ram.	a portion of a storage medium, such as a hard drive or usb flash drive, that the operating system allocates to function as additional ram
2	1	virtual memory	secondary storage. when ram is full, the computer needs somewhere to put data. vm moves data that hasn't been used recently to a secondary system.	location on secondary storage, i.e. hard drive, used as an extension if ram is filled with data.
2	1	virtual memory	the use of secondary storage devices as an extension of the primary storage of the computer, thus giving the appearance of a larger main memory than actually exists.	a storage allocation scheme in which secondary memory can be addressed as though it were a part of main memory.
2	1	virtual memory	separation of user logical memory from physical memory (technique frees programmers from the concerns of memory-storage limitations, only parts of a program needs to be in memory for execution)	involves separation of logical memory as perceived by user from physical memory. only part of the program needs to be in memory for execution.
2	1	virtual memory	the space used on the hard drive used as ram when ram is full instructions and data for all running programs are loaded in ram.	virtual memory is part of the hard drive used as an extension to ram (used when you run out of space on the ram)
1	0	virtual memory	an area of secondary storage that allows the user to run programs when there is insufficient ram.	- space allocated on the hard-drive and used as memory when ram is full. - a lot slower than ram
2	1	virtual memory	memory created by using the hard disk to be used as an extention to ram	simulated memory that is implemented as a page file on a hard drive.
2	1	virtual memory	technique of breaking files requested from secondary memory into smaller more manageable files	breaks files from secondary memory into smaller files to fit in ram -smaller files=pages
2	1	virtual memory	a technique that uses a portion of the computer's hard disk as an extension of ram.	a portion of the hard disk is used as an extension of ram, additional memory is available
3	1	virtual memory	space on a hard disk or other storage device that simulates random access memory.	(computer science) memory created by using the hard disk to simulate additional random-access memory
2	1	virtual memory	storage space that may be regarded as addressable main storage by the user of a computer system in which virtual addresses are mapped into real addresses.	a storage allocation scheme in which secondary memory can be addressed as though it were a part of main memory.
3	1	virtual memory	when ram is full, a section of secondary storage is used as extra ram	hard drive is used as ram when ram is nearly full. very slow to access.
3	1	virtual memory	&"using part of the hard disk as if it were random access memory.allows more applications to be open than physical memory could hold.&"	a section of the hard disc used as if it were ram to supplement the amount of main memory available to the computer
3	1	virtual memory	separation of user logical memory from physical memory   only part of the program needs to be in memory for execution	involves separation of logical memory as perceived by user from physical memory. only part of the program needs to be in memory for execution.
1	0	virtual memory	-process is provided with abstract addr space broken into pages by segment -process generates virtual addr -os: virtual -&gt; physical -paging system manages free space	how our os provides the physical memory available in our computer (like ram) to the applications that run on the computer;  creates a mapping, of virtual to physical addresses.
1	0	virtual memory	space on the computer's storage devices, usually the hard disk drive, that simulates additional ram. it is much slower.	typically implemented using a hard drive; extends the address space from ram to the hard drive; provides more space
2	1	virtual memory	separates logical memory from physical memory. allows the logical memory space to be much larger than the actual physical memory.	separation of user logical memory and physical memory
3	1	virtual memory	a part of a hard disk used to store overflow data from ram.	when ram is full the operating system uses storage on the hard disk drive as an extension to ram. very slow to read / write data.
1	0	virtual memory	technique that allows the execution of processes that are not completely in memory, by temporarily transferring pages from ram to disk, by separating the logical and physical memory.	space on a hard disk or other storage device is used as main memory (ram)  - allows the execution of process that is not completely in the memory
2	1	virtual memory	an area of secondary storage that allows the user to run programs when there is insufficient ram.	process of optimizing ram storage by borrowing hard drive space -unused hard disk that expands capacity of ram
3	1	virtual memory	the space on the hard drive where the operating system stores data if there isn't enough random access memory to hold all of the programs your currently trying to run	when ram is full the operating system uses storage on the hard disk drive as an extension to ram. very slow to read / write data.
3	1	virtual memory	the space on the hard drive where the operating system stores data if there isn't enough random access memory to hold all of the programs your currently trying to run	the space on the hard drive where the operating system stores data if there isn't enough ram
3	1	virtual memory	a part of a hard disk used to store overflow data from ram.	hard drive space that is used as temporary ram
3	1	virtual memory	when the ram runs out of space, the cpu can designate part of the hard disk as acting like ram and will be treated as such	virtual memory is part of the hard drive used as an extension to ram (used when you run out of space on the ram)
0	0	virtual memory	splits processes up and swaps parts in and out of memory (uses both disk space and main memory)	space on a hard disk or other storage device that simulates random access memory; typically used as an applications address space on machines that have it implemented.
0	0	virtual memory	when ram is full the operating system uses storage on the hard disk drive as an extension to ram. very slow to read / write data.	hard drive space that is used as temporary ram
2	1	virtual memory	a part of a hard disk used to store overflow data from ram.	the space on the hard drive where the operating system stores data if there isn't enough ram
0	0	virtual memory	online secondary memory that is used as an extension of primary memory, giving appearance of larger internal memory	separate the address in a running program (virtual address) and the address in real or primary memory (real address)
2	1	virtual memory	space on a hard disk or other storage device that simulates random access memory; typically used as an applications address space on machines that have it implemented.	space on a hard disk or other storage device is used as main memory (ram)  - allows the execution of process that is not completely in the memory
3	1	virtual memory	an area of secondary storage that allows the user to run programs when there is insufficient ram.	part of the hard drive (secondary storage) used as an overflow when there is insufficient space in ram.
2	1	virtual memory	the space used on the hard drive used as ram when ram is full instructions and data for all running programs are loaded in ram.	the space used on the hard drive used as ram when ram is full is called:
2	1	virtual memory	splits processes up and swaps parts in and out of memory (uses both disk space and main memory)	space on a hard disk or other storage device is used as main memory (ram)  - allows the execution of process that is not completely in the memory
2	1	virtual memory	virtual memory is part of the hard drive used as an extension to ram (used when you run out of space on the ram)	the space used on the hard drive used as ram when ram is full is called:
0	0	virtual memory	online secondary memory that is used as an extension of primary memory, giving appearance of larger internal memory	a storage allocation scheme in which secondary memory can be addressed as though it were a part of main memory.
3	1	virtual memory	allocate space on the hard disk to supplement the immediate, functional memory capacity of ram.	memory that allocates space in secondary storage to supplement the immediate, functional memory capacity of ram
1	0	virtual memory	separate the address in a running program (virtual address) and the address in real or primary memory (real address)	the use of secondary storage devices as an extension of the primary storage of the computer, thus giving the appearance of a larger main memory than actually exists.
1	0	virtual memory	when the ram runs out of space, the cpu can designate part of the hard disk as acting like ram and will be treated as such	the space used on the hard drive used as ram when ram is full is called:
1	0	virtual memory	when ram is full the operating system uses storage on the hard disk drive as an extension to ram. very slow to read / write data.	the space on the hard drive where the operating system stores data if there isn't enough ram
1	0	virtual memory	allows a program to run with only a subset of its assigned address space in main memory	-early schemes required the entire program be loaded  into main memory -programs had to be loaded into contiguous memory  locations -modern memory management solves these problems
0	0	time dimension	research into processes that occur over time presents social challenges that can be addressed through cross-sectional studies or longitudinal studies.	the point or points in time at which a variable is measured
1	0	dynamic data	data that changes or is updated, e.g. data that can be written back or edited	data that changes automatically without user intervention it is data that updates as a result of the source data changing. eg,weather map live sports results on a website
2	1	dynamic data	data that changes or is updated, e.g. data that can be written back or edited	data that updates as a result of the source data changing.
0	0	dynamic data	data that changes or is updated, e.g. data that can be written back or edited	data that changes automatically without user intervention.
0	0	dynamic data	1) must be continually updated.  2) may change after it is recorded	changes automatically during creation
0	0	dynamic data	changes automatically during creation	data that may change after it is recorded, and has to be continually updated.
1	0	keyword search	looks for words anywhere in the record. keyword searches are a good substitute for a subject search when you do not know the standard subject heading.	looks for words in any file or record in the internet.
2	1	keyword search	searches a word or phrase, including basic boolean operators	a type of search that looks for matching documents that contain one or more words specified by the user.
0	0	keyword search	you enter one or more keywords into the engine, and the search engine finds specific topics by locating those keywords or phrases in registered web pages.	uses specific terms to search databases.
2	1	keyword search	finds matching word anywhere in record	this is the type of search our catalog does, it looks for your word in every part of the catalog
3	1	keyword search	you enter one or more keywords into the engine, and the search engine finds specific topics by locating those keywords or phrases in registered web pages.	users enter keywords in a search engine to query an index. they are then compared to the keywords and if they match, the search engine will provide the indexed information.
1	0	keyword search	looks for words anywhere in the record. keyword searches are a good substitute for a subject search when you do not know the standard subject heading.	a type of search that looks for matching documents that contain one or more words specified by the user.
1	0	keyword search	looks for words anywhere in the record. keyword searches are a good substitute for a subject search when you do not know the standard subject heading.	searches a word or phrase, including basic boolean operators
1	0	keyword search	searches a word or phrase, including basic boolean operators	looks for words in any file or record in the internet.
2	1	loss function	loss incurred for predicting y when correct answer is t	given the truth (y) and the system's prediction (y-hat), it measures the error.
1	0	loss function	penalty for incorrect classification of an instance. usually calculated as mean squared error.	calculates the error or loss, typically the difference between the predicted value and the actual value
1	0	loss function	measures how far what f does is fropm the obsererved data d	a function to model the cost of a particular error. eg. error ^ 2.
0	0	access control model	a standard that provides a predefined framework for hardware and software developers who need to implement access control in their devices or applications.	standards that provide a predefined framework for hardware or software developers.
2	1	access control model	this term is used to describe a framework that dictates how subjects access objects or how objects access objects	dictates how subjects access objects or the other way around
2	1	access control model	a model that provides a predefined framework for hardware and software developers who need to implement access control functionality in their devices or applications.	a standard that provides a predefined framework for hardware and software developers who need to implement access control in their devices or applications.
2	1	access control model	a predefined framework that the custodian can use for controlling access.	a predefined framework found in hardware and software that a custodian can use for controlling access.
0	0	necessary conditions	right (requirements)	b is a necessary condition for z only when the absence of b means z cannot occur.
1	0	design phase	physical process model, physical data model, architecture/hardware, interface, data storage and program design; designing program to meet user requirements	develop and evaluate alternatives configure and structure new system hardware design software design database design process and job descriptions created
1	0	design phase	this is when infrastructure upgrade requirements, network communication capacity, hardware and software procurement requirements, software development, and data acquisition needs must be identified.	will determine how the system will operate in terms of hardware, software, ui, databases, etc
2	1	design phase	architectural design break down into components  detailed design	- architectural design - detailed design - &"how the product does it&"
3	1	design phase	decides how the system will operate, in terms of the hardware, software, and network infrastructure.	will determine how the system will operate in terms of hardware, software, ui, databases, etc
2	1	design phase	involves describing the desired features and operations of the system including screen layouts, business rules, process diagrams, pseudo code, and other documentation.	establishes descriptions of the desired features and operations of the system including screen layouts, business rules, process diagrams, pseudo code, and other documentation  -design technical architecture -design system models
0	0	security policy	a broad general statement of management's intent to protect organization assets	a senior leadership directive that indicates the direction or intent of its established goals, and assign responsibilities for, addressing security risks to an organization.
2	1	security policy	is a document that states, in writing, how a company plans to protect the company's physical and network assets.	written document that states how an organization plans to protect the company's it assets
0	0	security policy	a set of rules and practices that specify how a system or organization provides security services to protect sensitive and critical system resources.	the document that details exactly how your organization and its data are secured.
2	1	security policy	a set of rules and practices that specify how a system or organization provides security services to protect sensitive and critical system resources.	a high-level document describing the principles, approach, and major objectives of the organization regarding security.
2	1	security policy	written document that states how an organization plans to protect the company's it assets	a written document that describes how a system, organization, or other entity is secured.
3	1	security policy	a written document that states how an organization plans to protect the company's information technology assets is a:	a written document that describes how a system, organization, or other entity is secured.
3	1	security policy	a set of statements prioritizing the information risks, identifying acceptable risk targets, and identifying the mechanisms for achieving these targets	statements that prioritize info risk, identify acceptable risks and identify mechanisms for reducing risks
2	1	security policy	the set of laws, rules, and practices that regulate how an organization manages, protects, and distributes sensitive information.	a set of rules and practices that specify how a system or organization provides security services to protect sensitive and critical system resources.
3	1	security policy	is a document that states, in writing, how a company plans to protect the company's physical and network assets.	a written document that describes how a system, organization, or other entity is secured.
2	1	security policy	the document that details exactly how your organization and its data are secured.	a high-level document describing the principles, approach, and major objectives of the organization regarding security.
3	1	security policy	a written statement describing assets to be protected, the reasons for protecting the assets, the parties responsible for protection, and acceptable and unacceptable behaviors.	written statement describing which assets to protect and why they are being protected, who is responsible for that protection, and which behaviors are acceptable and which are not.
2	1	security policy	statements ranking information risks, identifying acceptable security goals, and identifying the mechanisms for achieving these goals.	statements that prioritize info risk, identify acceptable risks and identify mechanisms for reducing risks
3	1	security policy	a set of statements prioritizing the information risks, identifying acceptable risk targets, and identifying the mechanisms for achieving these targets	statements ranking information risks, identifying acceptable security goals, and identifying the mechanisms for achieving these goals.
2	1	data privacy	making sure that data is protected against unauthorized access	requirement for data to be available only to authorized users
1	0	data privacy	concerned with controlling the distribution of data collected from customers, suppliers, and employees.	ensuring an employee accesses the minimum amount of data necessary to complete their job
3	1	data privacy	protecting the privacy of the data located in a database.	addresses protecting the privacy of personal data stored in the databases
0	0	data privacy	the need to preserve and protect personal information collected by any organization from being accessed by a third party	the aspect of it that deals with the ability an organization or individual has to determine what data in a computer system can be shared with third parties
0	0	data privacy	a company must tell an individual how personal information will be protected and limits placed on how the data will be shared	information that is protected and business respect except in the claims and privacy policy
1	0	data privacy	a company must tell an individual how personal information will be protected and limits placed on how the data will be shared	a branch of data security concerned with the proper handling of data - consent, notice, and regulatory obligations
3	1	data privacy	making sure that data is protected against unauthorized access	requirement for data to be available only to authorised users. keeps data private rather than to the public domain.
1	0	object-oriented databases	store objects • every object is an instance of a class. • the class includes the data and the operations.	-store information in objects rather than in tables -store instructions for how to compute the data as well as the data to be processed -use object query language
1	0	object-oriented databases	store objects • every object is an instance of a class. • the class includes the data and the operations.	stores objects that contain procedures w/ data instead of storing records in tables + hierarchies
2	1	position paper	explains your opinion on a specific issue or topic based on logical support	it describes a position on an issue and the rationale for that position. the position paper is based on facts that provide a solid foundation of your argument.
1	0	position paper	has the power to change the opinion and attitudes of other	essential tool in bringing about social change
1	0	position paper	explains your opinion on a specific issue or topic based on logical support	• presents one's stand or viewpoint • starting your arguments and proposed course of action
0	0	position paper	is used to claim a one-side position on a specific issue.	• presents one's stand or viewpoint • starting your arguments and proposed course of action
1	0	position paper	explains your opinion on a specific issue or topic based on logical support	is used to claim a one-side position on a specific issue.
0	0	position paper	it describes a position on an issue and the rationale for that position. the position paper is based on facts that provide a solid foundation of your argument.	• presents one's stand or viewpoint • starting your arguments and proposed course of action
1	0	parallel programming	multiple work units executing at the same time, can be done with or without multiple processors	programming in a language that allows you to explicitly indicate how different portions of the computation may be executed concurrently by different processors
2	1	parallel programming	multiple work units executing at the same time, can be done with or without multiple processors	a program which is intended to accomplish multiple tasks  at the same time  through the use of either multiple cores/processors on the same machine or multiple machines
1	0	parallel programming	multiple work units executing at the same time, can be done with or without multiple processors	divide a large task into parts by function or by data gain efficiency by using different processors to simultaneously execute parts of a task
0	0	parallel programming	programming in a language that allows you to explicitly indicate how different portions of the computation may be executed concurrently by different processors	divide a large task into parts by function or by data gain efficiency by using different processors to simultaneously execute parts of a task
3	1	parallel programming	multiple work units executing at the same time, can be done with or without multiple processors	when multiple tasks are executed at the same time (or almost the same time). one or more cpus.
2	1	parallel programming	a program which is intended to accomplish multiple tasks  at the same time  through the use of either multiple cores/processors on the same machine or multiple machines	divide a large task into parts by function or by data gain efficiency by using different processors to simultaneously execute parts of a task
2	1	parallel programming	when multiple tasks are executed at the same time (or almost the same time). one or more cpus.	divide a large task into parts by function or by data gain efficiency by using different processors to simultaneously execute parts of a task
1	0	parallel programming	programming in a language that allows you to explicitly indicate how different portions of the computation may be executed concurrently by different processors	a program which is intended to accomplish multiple tasks  at the same time  through the use of either multiple cores/processors on the same machine or multiple machines
2	1	parallel programming	when multiple tasks are executed at the same time (or almost the same time). one or more cpus.	a program which is intended to accomplish multiple tasks  at the same time  through the use of either multiple cores/processors on the same machine or multiple machines
0	0	parallel programming	programming in a language that allows you to explicitly indicate how different portions of the computation may be executed concurrently by different processors	when multiple tasks are executed at the same time (or almost the same time). one or more cpus.
1	0	time synchronization	ntpsec is secure network time protocol and adds onto ntp	the process of obtaining the exact same time on multiple hosts or network time protocol (ntp)
1	0	time synchronization	ntpsec is secure network time protocol and adds onto ntp	the process of obtaining the exact same time on multiple hosts. network time protocol (ntpsec) use ntpsec to secure this time sync communication.
3	1	time synchronization	use case for obtaining the exact same time on multiple hosts using network time protocol (ntp) as a secure protocol.	the process of obtaining the exact same time on multiple hosts. network time protocol (ntpsec) use ntpsec to secure this time sync communication.
2	1	time synchronization	all server sending data to the siem should be synchronized with the same time. easier to know when the events occured	the process of obtaining the exact same time on multiple hosts. network time protocol (ntp) is a time synchronization protocol.
1	0	time synchronization	the process of obtaining the exact same time on multiple hosts. network time protocol (ntp) is a time synchronization protocol.	feature of a siem that makes sure all products are synced up so they are running with the same timestamps.
0	0	time synchronization	the process of obtaining the exact same time on multiple hosts. network time protocol (ntpsec) use ntpsec to secure this time sync communication.	network time protocol ( ntp ) works over udp on port  123   time critical services such as authentication, logging, and task scheduling/backup
2	1	time synchronization	the siem software can ensure that the time is the same across devices so the security events across devices are recorded at the same time.	the process of obtaining the exact same time on multiple hosts. network time protocol (ntp) is a time synchronization protocol.
2	1	time synchronization	the process of obtaining the exact same time on different devices.	all server sending data to the siem should be synchronized with the same time. easier to know when the events occured
3	1	time synchronization	use case for obtaining the exact same time on multiple hosts using network time protocol (ntp) as a secure protocol.	the process of obtaining the exact same time on multiple hosts or network time protocol (ntp)
2	1	time synchronization	the process of obtaining the exact same time on different devices.	the siem software can ensure that the time is the same across devices so the security events across devices are recorded at the same time.
2	1	time synchronization	all server sending data to the siem should be synchronized with the same time. easier to know when the events occured	feature of a siem that makes sure all products are synced up so they are running with the same timestamps.
2	1	time synchronization	the process of obtaining the exact same time on different devices.	feature of a siem that makes sure all products are synced up so they are running with the same timestamps.
2	1	time synchronization	the siem software can ensure that the time is the same across devices so the security events across devices are recorded at the same time.	feature of a siem that makes sure all products are synced up so they are running with the same timestamps.
2	1	main ideas	the most important ideas about a topic that a writer wants to communicate to readers; most of the time is directly stated in the topic sentence	the most important or central thought of a paragraph or larger section of text, which tells the reader what the text is about
0	0	basic concepts	- more specific than superordinate concepts (i.e. single-family home vs. superordinate home)	bracken, boehm
1	0	basic concepts	smaller and more specific than superordinate but less spacific than subordinate	- more specific than superordinate concepts (i.e. single-family home vs. superordinate home)
1	0	business rules	-rules organization follows when operating a business -implemented within business processes -sometimes simple and straight forward -sometimes not so simple and straight forward	describe the conditions that must be met when taking actions or making decisions within a work task.
0	0	business rules	concise statements that are derived from a precise and detailed description of the organization's data environment business rules determine connectives and cardinalities	a succinct statement of a constraint on business processes that provides the logic that guides the behavior of the business in specific situations
0	0	business rules	specifications that preserve the integrity of the logical data model.	- descriptions of policies, procedures, or principles within a specific organization - descriptions of operations to create/enforce actions - describe characteristics of data as viewed by the company
1	0	business rules	a succinct statement of a constraint on business processes that provides the logic that guides the behavior of the business in specific situations	- descriptions of policies, procedures, or principles within a specific organization - descriptions of operations to create/enforce actions - describe characteristics of data as viewed by the company
1	0	business rules	concise statements that are derived from a precise and detailed description of the organization's data environment business rules determine connectives and cardinalities	- descriptions of policies, procedures, or principles within a specific organization - descriptions of operations to create/enforce actions - describe characteristics of data as viewed by the company
1	0	business rules	a succinct statement of a constraint on business processes that provides the logic that guides the behavior of the business in specific situations	specifications that preserve the integrity of the logical data model.
1	0	business rules	precise descriptions of policies, procedures, or principles in any organization that stores and uses data to generate info - rules help create and enforce business processes	ensures that info systems operate in a consistent &  effective manner to achieve organizational objectives   -constraints on the business process -implement control activities
0	0	business rules	derived from policies, procedures, events, functions, and other business objects, and they state constraints on the organization.	are intended to declare business structure or to control or influence the behavior of the business.
2	1	business rules	derived from policies, procedures, events, functions, and other business objects, and they state constraints on the organization.	statements that define or constrain some aspect of the business and are expressed in terms familiar to end users
2	1	business rules	derived from policies, procedures, events, functions, and other business objects, and they state constraints on the organization.	statements that define or constrain some aspect of the business
1	0	business rules	impose restrictions on aspects of a database based on the ways an organization perceives and uses its data.	rules or policies that define and constrain some aspect of the organization
2	1	business rules	inside each process, input data is transformed into output	how input data is converted to output
1	0	business rules	derived from policies, procedures, events, functions, and other business objects, and they state constraints on the organization.	a statement that defines or constrains some aspect of the business. it controls the behavior of business.
1	0	business rules	concise statements that are derived from a precise and detailed description of the organization's data environment business rules determine connectives and cardinalities	specifications that preserve the integrity of the logical data model.
2	1	interaction design	designing interactive products to the way people communicate and interact in their everyday and working lives	the design of space or products to support the way people communicate and interact
2	1	interaction design	practice of designing interactive digital products (video games, phones, amt's)	practice of designing interactive digital products, environments, systems, and services ex: vending machine, video games, atm (bad design)
2	1	interaction design	practice of designing interactive digital products (video games, phones, amt's)	the practice of designing interactive digital products, environments, systems, and services.
1	0	interaction design	in traditional software development, the discipline involved in creating a structured experience for the user is known as interaction design.	focuses on how to create efficient and effective interactions between users and interfaces
3	1	interaction design	creating user experiences that enhance and augment the way people work, communicate and interact.	the design of space or products to support the way people communicate and interact
0	0	interaction design	how people interact with artifacts, either through direct physical manipulation, or indirect software-based interfaces. goal is to make things &"intuitive&"	- the design of the interaction between users and products - involves elements like aesthetics, motion, sound, space, etc.
1	0	interaction design	is concerned with the theory, research, and practice of designing user experiences for all manner of technologies, systems, and products	skill of taking into account the human element of your users and creating the connection built from human-to-computer interaction
1	0	interaction design	is concerned with the theory, research, and practice of designing user experiences for all manner of technologies, systems, and products	- the design of the interaction between users and products - involves elements like aesthetics, motion, sound, space, etc.
2	1	interaction design	the aspect of design where the functionality and usability are considered	consider functionality and usability
2	1	interaction design	involves selecting the type of interaction and all interactive components that allow the user to communicate with the application.	development of application flows to facilitate user tasks, defining how the user interacts with site functionality
0	0	interaction design	how people interact with artifacts, either through direct physical manipulation, or indirect software-based interfaces. goal is to make things &"intuitive&"	is concerned with the theory, research, and practice of designing user experiences for all manner of technologies, systems, and products
0	0	interaction design	skill of taking into account the human element of your users and creating the connection built from human-to-computer interaction	- the design of the interaction between users and products - involves elements like aesthetics, motion, sound, space, etc.
0	0	interaction design	how people interact with artifacts, either through direct physical manipulation, or indirect software-based interfaces. goal is to make things &"intuitive&"	skill of taking into account the human element of your users and creating the connection built from human-to-computer interaction
2	1	web browser	special software that allows you to locate and display web pages on a computer screen.	software for locating, accessing and displaying web pages. they are able to display graphics, text and other multimedia items.
3	1	web browser	application software that allows users to access &  view webpages	it is a program that allows web pages stored on the internet to be viewed.
2	1	web browser	an easy to use software tool for accessing the www and the internet	software that lets you locate, view and navigate the web.  most browsers today are graphical browsers.
3	1	web browser	an application used to access and view websites, to access the internet like google chrome, internet explorer, fire fox	there are many popular web browsers, chrome, firefox, internet explorer and safari, web browser is a software application used to locate and display web pages.
3	1	web browser	an application used to access and view websites, to access the internet like google chrome, internet explorer, fire fox	a web server that allows a user to browse the web (ex: google, safari, internet explorer)
3	1	web browser	a software program that allows a user to locate, access, and display web pages (the most common web browsers are google chrome, apple safari, firefox, and internet explorer/edge).	web client software such as internet explorer, firefox, chrome, and safari used to view web pages
3	1	web browser	a software program that lets you locate, view, and navigate the web. examples include: edge, firefox, google chrome, and safari.	a software program that allows a user to locate, access, and display web pages (the most common web browsers are google chrome, apple safari, firefox, and internet explorer/edge).
1	0	web browser	most important and most widely used software application.  examples: microsoft explorer, mozilla firefox, google chrome	used for online research and for building relationships with business customers. most popular versions used include mozilla firefox, google chrome, and apple safari.
3	1	web browser	a web browser (commonly referred to as a browser) is a software application for retrieving, presenting and traversing information resources on the world wide web.	a software application for retrieving, presenting and traversing information resources on the world wide web - implemented on the client side of the web
1	0	web browser	a program that allows a user to view and interact with web pages	is a software that converts hypertext into graphics and handles links between pages
0	0	web browser	•a software program that uses dot send request for web pages and display the web pages that are sent in response •can display text, graphics and multimedia content	is a software that converts hypertext into graphics and handles links between pages
2	1	web browser	software allows users to view and use webpages on the internet	- allows the user to access the world wide web - did not replace anything - example: chrome
2	1	web browser	the software program that accesses the web document and displays its content on the user's computer	software used to access and display web pages
1	0	web browser	•a software program that uses dot send request for web pages and display the web pages that are sent in response •can display text, graphics and multimedia content	a software application used to display web pages.
3	1	web browser	an application used to access and view websites, to access the internet like google chrome, internet explorer, fire fox	web client software such as internet explorer, firefox, chrome, and safari used to view web pages
3	1	web browser	software that allows a user to display a webpage on their screen - they interpret html code and show the result	software which allows a user to display a web page on the computer screen; this software interpreters/ translates the html from the website and shows the result.
3	1	web browser	a software program that lets you locate, view, and navigate the web. examples include: edge, firefox, google chrome, and safari.	software application that allows a user to find and review information on the internet, including the world wide web
2	1	web browser	- allows the user to access the world wide web - did not replace anything - example: chrome	an application that enables the user to navigate the internet and display web pages on their computer
3	1	web browser	program that transforms signals across the internet on behalf go of the www into human readable characters or vise versa	the program that transforms signals sent across the internet on behalf of the www into humanly readable characters and images on your computer, or vice versa
2	1	web browser	widely used type of application software which allows users with an internet connection to access and view web pages	an application that enables the user to navigate the internet and display web pages on their computer
2	1	web browser	software used to access and display web pages	a software program that acts as a go-between, between the user (you) and the web
3	1	web browser	a web browser is a software program that can display web pages on your computer	a software program used to access web pages
1	0	web browser	a program that allows a user to view and interact with web pages	•a software program that uses dot send request for web pages and display the web pages that are sent in response •can display text, graphics and multimedia content
2	1	web browser	a software program that allows a user to locate, access, and display web pages (the most common web browsers are google chrome, apple safari, firefox, and internet explorer/edge).	software application that allows a user to find and review information on the internet, including the world wide web
0	0	web browser	there are many popular web browsers, chrome, firefox, internet explorer and safari, web browser is a software application used to locate and display web pages.	software (can't touch) used to view web pages. example: internet explorer
2	1	web browser	a program that retrieves a web page from a web server and renders it or changes it into a graphical format	a software which allows to access and display the information or html files that are on the world wide web.
2	1	web browser	an easy to use software tool for accessing the www and the internet	is a software that lets you locate, view, and navigate the web.
2	1	web browser	an application used to access and view websites, to access the internet like google chrome, internet explorer, fire fox	a program used to display web pages (examples: googlechrome, internet explorer, firefox)
2	1	web browser	software allows users to view and use webpages on the internet	widely used type of application software which allows users with an internet connection to access and view web pages
2	1	web browser	a program used to display web pages (examples: googlechrome, internet explorer, firefox)	gateway to world wide web (google, firefox, etc.)
2	1	web browser	a web browser is a type of software application used to request and display information stored on web servers. examples of web browsers: google and internet explorer.	application software that is used to find, retrieve and display content on the www.
2	1	web browser	there are many popular web browsers, chrome, firefox, internet explorer and safari, web browser is a software application used to locate and display web pages.	a web server that allows a user to browse the web (ex: google, safari, internet explorer)
3	1	web browser	a program, such as microsoft internet explorer and apple safari, that lets you display html-developed web pages.	a program such as google classroom, apple safari, mozilla, firefox, or microsoft internet explorer, used to display web pages
3	1	web browser	application software that allows users to access &  view webpages	an application that enables the user to navigate the internet and display web pages on their computer
1	0	web browser	software that allows for navigating the web; it is different from a search engine that it provides a window in which to search, but does not search itself	software application for retrieving information resources on the world wide web
2	1	web browser	is a software that converts hypertext into graphics and handles links between pages	web client software used to view web pages
2	1	web browser	a program, such as microsoft internet explorer, google chrome, safari, or mozilla firefox, which lets you display web pages.	~internet explorer ~mozilla firefox ~safari  ~google chrome
2	1	web browser	a program that allows a user to view and interact with web pages	a software application used to display web pages.
3	1	web browser	it is a program that allows web pages stored on the internet to be viewed.	an application that enables the user to navigate the internet and display web pages on their computer
3	1	web browser	a program that allows a user to view and interact with web pages	a software which allows to access and display the information or html files that are on the world wide web.
2	1	web browser	is a program that interprets and displays webpages so you can view and interact with them	interprets the coding on a web page to display it on the screen
1	0	web browser	•a software program that uses dot send request for web pages and display the web pages that are sent in response •can display text, graphics and multimedia content	a software which allows to access and display the information or html files that are on the world wide web.
2	1	web browser	a software application program used to view web pages.	productivity software such as the internet, which can help users look up information
2	1	web browser	a program that retrieves a web page from a web server and renders it or changes it into a graphical format	web client software used to view web pages
2	1	web browser	a program that retrieves a web page from a web server and renders it or changes it into a graphical format	is a software that converts hypertext into graphics and handles links between pages
2	1	web browser	a software program that allows a user to locate, access, and display web pages (the most common web browsers are google chrome, apple safari, firefox, and internet explorer/edge).	there are many popular web browsers, chrome, firefox, internet explorer and safari, web browser is a software application used to locate and display web pages.
2	1	web browser	special software that allows you to locate and display web pages on a computer screen.	a software application that can be used to locate and display web pages, including text, graphics, and multimedia content.
2	1	web browser	a program that allows a user to view and interact with web pages	web client software used to view web pages
3	1	web browser	web client software such as internet explorer, firefox, chrome, and safari used to view web pages	gateway to world wide web (google, firefox, etc.)
0	0	web browser	gateway to world wide web (google, firefox, etc.)	software application that allows a user to find and review information on the internet, including the world wide web
3	1	web browser	a web server that allows a user to browse the web (ex: google, safari, internet explorer)	software application that allows a user to find and review information on the internet, including the world wide web
2	1	web browser	application software that allows users to access &  view webpages	- allows the user to access the world wide web - did not replace anything - example: chrome
3	1	web browser	a software program that allows a user to locate, access, and display web pages (the most common web browsers are google chrome, apple safari, firefox, and internet explorer/edge).	an application used to access and view websites, to access the internet like google chrome, internet explorer, fire fox
3	1	web browser	the software application that retrieves, interprets, and displays web resources.	client software that provides the user with the ability to locate + display web resources
0	0	web browser	a program that allows a user to view and interact with web pages	a program that retrieves a web page from a web server and renders it or changes it into a graphical format
3	1	web browser	computer software used to look at web pages &  &"browse&" from one to another	a program used to view web pages.
3	1	web browser	a software program that lets you locate, view, and navigate the web. examples include: edge, firefox, google chrome, and safari.	a program used to display web pages (examples: googlechrome, internet explorer, firefox)
3	1	web browser	a software application used to display web pages.	a software which allows to access and display the information or html files that are on the world wide web.
2	1	web browser	program used to access web pages from a client computer/device	a program with which you can view html files and access web pages.
3	1	web browser	a software application designed to retrieve and present content on the web	the software program that accesses the web document and displays its content on the user's computer
2	1	web browser	software (can't touch) used to view web pages. example: internet explorer	software application that allows a user to find and review information on the internet, including the world wide web
3	1	web browser	a program, such as microsoft internet explorer and apple safari, that lets you display html-developed web pages.	a program, such as microsoft internet explorer,apple safari, google chrome,or mozilla firefox, that displays web pages
2	1	web browser	web client software such as internet explorer, firefox, chrome, and safari used to view web pages	a web server that allows a user to browse the web (ex: google, safari, internet explorer)
3	1	web browser	an application used to access and view websites, to access the internet like google chrome, internet explorer, fire fox	software application that allows a user to find and review information on the internet, including the world wide web
3	1	web browser	gateway to world wide web (google, firefox, etc.)	software (can't touch) used to view web pages. example: internet explorer
3	1	web browser	program used to access web pages from a client computer/device	a program that is used to view web pages (google)
3	1	web browser	software that lets users read html documents and move from one html document to another using hyperlinks	software that lets users read/browse html documents and move from one html doc to another through text formatted with hyperlink tags in each file
3	1	web browser	a program, such as microsoft internet explorer, google chrome, safari, or mozilla firefox, which lets you display web pages.	a program, such as microsoft internet explorer, apple safari, or google chrome,
3	1	web browser	application software that allows users to access &  view webpages	widely used type of application software which allows users with an internet connection to access and view web pages
1	0	web browser	a software program that allows a user to locate, access, and display web pages (the most common web browsers are google chrome, apple safari, firefox, and internet explorer/edge).	gateway to world wide web (google, firefox, etc.)
2	1	web browser	an application used to access and view websites, to access the internet like google chrome, internet explorer, fire fox	gateway to world wide web (google, firefox, etc.)
3	1	web browser	a program used to display web pages (examples: googlechrome, internet explorer, firefox)	a web server that allows a user to browse the web (ex: google, safari, internet explorer)
3	1	web browser	a program, such as microsoft internet explorer,apple safari, google chrome,or mozilla firefox, that displays web pages	a program such as google classroom, apple safari, mozilla, firefox, or microsoft internet explorer, used to display web pages
1	0	web browser	productivity software such as the internet, which can help users look up information	a software application used for gathering information from the internet or an other networked system
2	1	web browser	an easy to use software tool for accessing the www and the internet	software installed on a computer system that allows individuals to locate, view, and navigate the web.
3	1	web browser	software installed on a computer system that allows individuals to locate, view, and navigate the web.	is a software that lets you locate, view, and navigate the web.
3	1	web browser	software which allows a user to display a web page on the computer screen; this software interpreters/ translates the html from the website and shows the result.	a software that allows a user to display a webpage on their computer screen. interprets html code. translates a url into an ip address to access a website.
2	1	web browser	is a software that converts hypertext into graphics and handles links between pages	a software application used to display web pages.
2	1	web browser	a program used to display web pages (examples: googlechrome, internet explorer, firefox)	software (can't touch) used to view web pages. example: internet explorer
3	1	web browser	a program, such as microsoft internet explorer, apple safari, or google chrome, mozilla firefox, that lets you display html-developed web pages.	a program, such as microsoft internet explorer, google chrome, safari, or mozilla firefox, which lets you display web pages.
1	0	web browser	a software program that lets you locate, view, and navigate the web. examples include: edge, firefox, google chrome, and safari.	a web server that allows a user to browse the web (ex: google, safari, internet explorer)
1	0	web browser	the software program that accesses the web document and displays its content on the user's computer	a software program that acts as a go-between, between the user (you) and the web
3	1	web browser	a software program that lets you locate, view, and navigate the web. examples include: edge, firefox, google chrome, and safari.	web client software such as internet explorer, firefox, chrome, and safari used to view web pages
3	1	web browser	computer software used to look at web pages &  &"browse&" from one to another	software program that is used to display web pages and allows you to move from page to page
2	1	web browser	a software application used for gathering information from the internet or an other networked system	a software program that allows you to view web pages on the internet.
2	1	web browser	software allows users to view and use webpages on the internet	an application that enables the user to navigate the internet and display web pages on their computer
3	1	web browser	a software application used to display web pages.	web client software used to view web pages
2	1	web browser	software allows users to view and use webpages on the internet	it is a program that allows web pages stored on the internet to be viewed.
3	1	web browser	a software program that lets you locate, view, and navigate the web. examples include: edge, firefox, google chrome, and safari.	an application used to access and view websites, to access the internet like google chrome, internet explorer, fire fox
3	1	web browser	web client software such as internet explorer, firefox, chrome, and safari used to view web pages	software application that allows a user to find and review information on the internet, including the world wide web
2	1	web browser	gateway to world wide web (google, firefox, etc.)	there are many popular web browsers, chrome, firefox, internet explorer and safari, web browser is a software application used to locate and display web pages.
3	1	web browser	a software program that lets you locate, view, and navigate the web. examples include: edge, firefox, google chrome, and safari.	there are many popular web browsers, chrome, firefox, internet explorer and safari, web browser is a software application used to locate and display web pages.
3	1	web browser	a software program that allows a user to locate, access, and display web pages (the most common web browsers are google chrome, apple safari, firefox, and internet explorer/edge).	software (can't touch) used to view web pages. example: internet explorer
1	0	web browser	a program that retrieves a web page from a web server and renders it or changes it into a graphical format	a software application used to display web pages.
1	0	web browser	productivity software such as the internet, which can help users look up information	a software program that allows you to view web pages on the internet.
3	1	web browser	a software program that lets you locate, view, and navigate the web. examples include: edge, firefox, google chrome, and safari.	gateway to world wide web (google, firefox, etc.)
3	1	web browser	software application that interprets files to display web pages on the users computer.	a software tool that retrieves and displays web pages
3	1	web browser	widely used type of application software which allows users with an internet connection to access and view web pages	it is a program that allows web pages stored on the internet to be viewed.
2	1	web browser	an application used to access and view websites, to access the internet like google chrome, internet explorer, fire fox	software (can't touch) used to view web pages. example: internet explorer
2	1	web browser	displays the page by reading the instructions in the coding document	special software that displays the page by reading the instructions in the web document
3	1	web browser	software for locating, accessing and displaying web pages. they are able to display graphics, text and other multimedia items.	a software application that can be used to locate and display web pages, including text, graphics, and multimedia content.
3	1	web browser	a software application for retrieving and presenting information on the world wide web	a software application for retrieving, presenting, and traversing information resources on the world wide web.
2	1	web browser	a program used to display web pages (examples: googlechrome, internet explorer, firefox)	software application that allows a user to find and review information on the internet, including the world wide web
2	1	web browser	- allows the user to access the world wide web - did not replace anything - example: chrome	it is a program that allows web pages stored on the internet to be viewed.
2	1	web browser	a software application designed to retrieve and present content on the web	software used to access and display web pages
2	1	web browser	gateway to world wide web (google, firefox, etc.)	a web server that allows a user to browse the web (ex: google, safari, internet explorer)
1	0	web browser	software that allows a user to display a webpage on their screen - they interpret html code and show the result	a software that allows a user to display a webpage on their computer screen. interprets html code. translates a url into an ip address to access a website.
0	0	web browser	is a software that converts hypertext into graphics and handles links between pages	a software which allows to access and display the information or html files that are on the world wide web.
0	0	web browser	computer program used for accessing sites or information on a network	a computer program application found on all modern computers
2	1	web browser	web client software used to view web pages	a software which allows to access and display the information or html files that are on the world wide web.
3	1	web browser	web client software such as internet explorer, firefox, chrome, and safari used to view web pages	a program used to display web pages (examples: googlechrome, internet explorer, firefox)
2	1	web browser	a software application designed to retrieve and present content on the web	a software program that acts as a go-between, between the user (you) and the web
2	1	web browser	a software application program used to view web pages.	a software application used for gathering information from the internet or an other networked system
2	1	web browser	•a software program that uses dot send request for web pages and display the web pages that are sent in response •can display text, graphics and multimedia content	a program that retrieves a web page from a web server and renders it or changes it into a graphical format
2	1	web browser	web client software such as internet explorer, firefox, chrome, and safari used to view web pages	there are many popular web browsers, chrome, firefox, internet explorer and safari, web browser is a software application used to locate and display web pages.
2	1	web browser	a software program that allows a user to locate, access, and display web pages (the most common web browsers are google chrome, apple safari, firefox, and internet explorer/edge).	a program used to display web pages (examples: googlechrome, internet explorer, firefox)
0	0	network analysis	- flow of distance of line of sight in an electricity grid - ambulance service area: needs both a spatial and tabular data	the study of the nodes (vertices) and edges (lines) in a network
0	0	network analysis	needs a geographic database with geometry and topology, and can employ analytical operations	- flow of distance of line of sight in an electricity grid - ambulance service area: needs both a spatial and tabular data
0	0	network analysis	- flow of distance of line of sight in an electricity grid - ambulance service area: needs both a spatial and tabular data	involves linear features or network of linear features that are topologically structured and is used to identify shortest path, time of travel, and service areas.
1	0	network analysis	calculates the shortest route from a source to a destination through a network and is restricted to follow a linear network	involves linear features or network of linear features that are topologically structured and is used to identify shortest path, time of travel, and service areas.
1	0	network analysis	network analysis is used in many different applications. four are highlighted here:  optimal routes closest facility service areas origin-destination cost matrix	the study of the nodes (vertices) and edges (lines) in a network
0	0	network analysis	needs a geographic database with geometry and topology, and can employ analytical operations	the study of the nodes (vertices) and edges (lines) in a network
0	0	network analysis	- flow of distance of line of sight in an electricity grid - ambulance service area: needs both a spatial and tabular data	network analysis is used in many different applications. four are highlighted here:  optimal routes closest facility service areas origin-destination cost matrix
1	0	network analysis	involves linear features or network of linear features that are topologically structured and is used to identify shortest path, time of travel, and service areas.	the study of the nodes (vertices) and edges (lines) in a network
2	1	network analysis	calculates the shortest route from a source to a destination through a network and is restricted to follow a linear network	network analysis is used in many different applications. four are highlighted here:  optimal routes closest facility service areas origin-destination cost matrix
0	0	network analysis	involves linear features or network of linear features that are topologically structured and is used to identify shortest path, time of travel, and service areas.	network analysis is used in many different applications. four are highlighted here:  optimal routes closest facility service areas origin-destination cost matrix
0	0	network analysis	calculates the shortest route from a source to a destination through a network and is restricted to follow a linear network	the study of the nodes (vertices) and edges (lines) in a network
